im still mad he jacked my drums on the first beat
mine was 12hunna like the producer
keys
 i hated that, even my girl laughed and i just gave her a stone face
so.. how about that bandz track
illegal links are
they jealous af tbh. i like some projects from them, but bones is the only one who deserves the sold out shows.
gareth confirmed minilla will be in the sequel.
ayo where can i find some dope flutes? like the one on yg - "left, right" song.
all yall 
he would not improve any of the pl top 4 sides. he would not start for any of the pl top 4 sides. calm down. you are being patriotic and thats good. but the fact is vela just doesn't have the quality to compete at the highest level. scores a few goals a season and thats it. he's not smart enough to play at the highest level. doesn't create enough chances, looses possession too much. 
don't ever quote me again, you ktt niggas are annoying and hive minded as 
stop trying so hard lmfao
taylor swifttttt
							
							
he got 12 assist last season lol
yeah 
what you know about bilal?
"for real this feels like the night when obama announced we got bin laden."
kanye should really capitalize on this whole scenario and just tweet a pic of the 
thanks man, so far i just installed all the 6 disks again and no updates so far if you can gimme some advice or instructions what to do it would be great, my main problem was just getting a response code as omnisphere opened up fine in fl
that classic roar 
this is a w for the entire black community
the commentary
"i've read about it and i'm not going to hide the fact that we are interested in him, but i read that it was all wrapped up and i cannot confirm that," rummenigge told reporters.
lorde is too good to side with taylor
yeah and almost got eliminated by liga mx mexico if it wasn't for a dive 
guys get the 
the extraction scene where they jumped out of the plane etc felt like a short film fuuuuuuck
so u ever fix that sample tempo?
in melbourne you're basically playing through seagulls.
lets get this up to 900 by tonight
the simple fact there is very little godzilla and the reliance of dialogue and suspense in a blockbuster monster movie definitely doesnt make it generic (it does have its generic moments though, which really just seemed very spielbergian)
spam/trolling/copy-pasta = ban
needed a dj drama esque tag but 
they have hired byron scott, mike d'antoni and mike woodson, what do you expect?
o i c
 she references the line at one point tho when shes saying "yeah itll be like it yeah she does it made her famous, its more provocative to say might still have sex"
lol i hope not
bedrock, bottoms up, show goes on, super bass, right above it
							
							
48k?
selena out here taking ls like a pawn 
love the scene with the military guys jumpingÂ  off the helicopter. 
u a real one singh
oh yeah, that chick's death shocked the 
the cops? that happened earlier today, one of my people called me about it. thought the guy i quoted was talking about something actively happening
not sure honestly, probably a decent amount but again, salary caps hold the teams back so it's kinda pointless
you're shook she won
exclusive picture of nebu and i at the ktt music awards '16:
godzilla subreddit, amc has it as 2:15 minutes, guy called the theatre to confirm, dude who worked their told him its 2 hours and 3 minutes 
damn that should've been my yearbook quote 
what if this was all a trap and they drop the full video, showing them discussing the famous line in full 
does she hav a mixtape or something im lovin this .. ahes like a female version of the weeknd with her style of music
slow ass moving robots <<<<<
talking about calm down, relax nigga.
is it that deep?
the mls player union has been arguing about this for awhile. 
i don't see how anything good at all could come out of her firing her pr team
yeah, but did yall heard that joint? sounds like a nexus sound, can't explain why tho lol
so, it this worth seeing? i'm planning on watching it this coming monday.
mans tryna suck up lmfaooooo
anyone got omnisphere x (from pbay) on logic x? i wanna know if it actually worksÂ  or if i 
oh wait i do have on request. i made a thread about abel's new video in xo and also in music, julian moved it to xo. can you please merge the threads?
yea i saw that, it's def a good watch. very insightful
they're about the same for me i think 
waiting for someone to come thru
 this video started playing automatically and scared the hell out of me
subliminals
there's no way to have more expansions on logic pro. lol cuz the only version "available" is the 1.4.1.....
 what? he wasn't responsible for any of the goals and was uniteds motm.
this is finally trending fam!!! everyone realzing taylor is a lying 
yup. check out his other videos as well. hes talented and just hung out with dave pensado on the weekend.
last minute push back with no compensation, word.
just old heads. i see them in charlamagne's mentions and a few that i (used to) 
robb a confirmed 
							
							
late to the party but 
our defense did good preseason. if blind can get some experience he'll be ok, not saying he'd be great but not much of a liability as you're making it. 
 2 legends 
shattering box office expectations
the melody or whatever that 
what brand has the fastest ram for it? i plan on upgraded my ram at like newegg or something. i just wantÂ  fast ram. 
its happening 
tina fey is an a1 milf
no it didn't lol
if u don't know what trvs looks like watch the 106 cs thing
y'all helping me but ya'll aint telling me nothing. where should i go to pirate it
looks hard 
i'll drop back in if i have something constructive to say that's on topic, until then, take care everyone.
i think he would struggle to come out and claim balls. de gea has an extra 3 inches on him and he still has problems some times. 
which one?
not really
so i sold this kid a beat (tracked out) and for some reason he can't figure out how to use it that way in logic lol.
the schmoes also saw it tonight but haven't said anything about it 
i loved the soundtrack for this movie
highkey thinking your avy is the owl pharaoh artwork
							
							
white bruh.. 
doesn't matter either way. it's all in the game.Â  
the family relationships in godzilla films are always the best. 
all they do is get gobbled up. that's nothing too terrifying by today's standards.
u a real one for always looking out for me too bruh. always appreciated bruh 
							
							
im comin up boyÂ  #justwaitonit
 shes saying 'yea it made her famous' in response to her owing him sex
hey but the difference is she didn't mention names, we shouldn't make assumptions
felt that way before, but instead of 1 year put 4 months 
taylor just another white 
 but didn't she say @ the grammy's "ppl will try to take credit for your fame/success"?
so in one scene near the start the phone rings about joe being in jail. when it ring i whispered to my gf "it's godzilla" and it apparently was the funniest thing the people around me ever heard...
chloe still has the l from when kim ethered her. 
heard it sucked
you're a 
oh cmon i'm playing.
go to the forum home and click full site, it's in the top left corner 
							
							
he's pretending to be a girl? 
spoiled little la girl 
the point is those two are likely first team players and we got them for 25m and 14m, now you wanna spend 22m for a squad player? yikes
dropping tomorrow. gotta get the artwork finished
 hahahaha
							
							
ive seen this & i got lost as 
							
							
bolaise the best winger in pl tbh 
nope
you guys really think khloe's tweet was clever ?
they lawyers playing 4d chess 
you kinda answered yourself there
me otw out this thread tonight
i think lloris is 1,88m too, so yeah...
all 3 goat tho 
do you know how much his clause is lmao
she's not going to jail.
he didn't do it last season because he was out injured you complete moron. do i have to type it in capitals for you to understand?????????? read my post. read my post fam. read the goal average. i've put it out there for you. he was averaging 20+ goals a 
yes and yes thats what i was askin if u needed to know too. i'll explain that in a lil bit my son bein bad as 
travi$ trivia
nope sorry. i think i'd know
i could help on it but i'm only familiar with the rk scene and robb/rick and zu 
the 
lol?
the ep is named september or it's coming out in september?
you don't realize how much pull hollywood studios have in the world do you?
 dude won't even answer the question directly he just sub quotes
i still think it was gareth's fault. aaron is a great actor and people are complainting about olsen who's also talented. 
 lol you wild... wyd tho?
kevin gates 
yg 4 hunnid
i knew pt was gay 
btw how are we on 0 net spent... we've sold for like 60m and bought for 75m... or have i missed something? lol
yeah he deleted a tweet that mentioend an email from kanye andÂ  owl pharaoh #2013
i didn't do any of that i think
yeah i know but i meant that in the end he got that balkan dna. didnt the swedish people hate ibra though early in his career, i thought he mentioned that in his book but i kinda forgot what exactly hallend?
the public needs to know about this 
...well, he could at least change the text. that's really what's irking tf outta me
 100% serious tho
							
							
spurs signing toby was really good wasn't it 
							
							
plus i dont want to say anything that can persuade him to push back projects, not taking any chances
i think you're on kanyetothe.com
idk how the formations work. what formation works best for the players we have and want to get 
nexus interface's intuitive, it's easy to understand imo... but the easiest plugin to do synth sound design is sylenth, there are some tutorials on youtube
l8
he reps cavani and has links to benzema. 
that was quickly resolved...
everyone go buy famous right now its climbing on itunes
smh...
> schneiderlin
drake says "same old pimp" and wenger pops up 
aan
							
							
just listen to hella his music and start makin beats like that.. also hes been on pensados place a few times u might want to watch a few interviews and c if he leak any secrets he damn near just might... ive donee thatÂ  i study my fav artists fa sho and c what i can learn from em
and i shot the club up on a tuesday
slipped from third to 28th 
oh yea? 
i have been lazy. working on my mixing and mastering before i learn sound design. almost got my mixing down. just need to work on my mastering,
that 
would kill self tbh
i wish adrian marcel would drop music more regularly. probably my favourite current r&b artist.
lmaoooo
							
							
alright 
do you actually know what's going on in america? what you see isn't happening everywhere here. this 
aubrey got a tummy tuck 
you are trippin. his melodies are unique and his sound selection is so dope.
it was ðŸ…±ool
bet yall forgot about tyga's chicken legs
in form he is remarkable 
y'all argue bout the same problems over and over again
turkey leg arm hoe
you know who else has links to benzema...
somebody with reddit clout or twitter connects needs to post this 
do you know what's funny?
it's obvious its not the whole video i hope kim releases more of it today or soon
sadly, i couldn't help thinking of pacific rim towards the end 
lived up to your expectations? 
lets do it
bit heavy
as in no more singles before owl pharaoh
i consider myself a feminist but it's still 100000% 
i dont think godzilla shows any mercy 
snapchat 12
 what
makes me believe that rumoured plot synopsis a couple pages back... 
 yeah 
like hendo too 
have a good nap!
yo, y'all know any vsts that focuses on creating pads? i need to step my cloud rap game up
he's kind of a mad 
i'd let sean knock down my barn yard doors tbh 
no chance villa can afford to sign adebayor with those wages?
first burger of the day goes to ye
bet she does lmao
"relationships more important than punchlines"
van gaal is such a badass manager and the type we need to not be pushed around by other clubs. 
why ye stans gotta be rational nigga facts dont matter if it did drake would be over when he lied about the ghostwriting thing but instead sights went double platinum just enjoy the brazyness
a penalty 10 minutes into stoppage time 
id let her suck my 
							
							
and the wolves blood is pumping through the veins 
							
							
or maybe it was a different thread?... it was posted in may with heavy spoilers, but to make a long story short:
betting all my worldly possessions that this will get pushed back.
memphis mata januzaj
of course you'd all still hit selena, you'd all hit taylor too
nice video man, that dude's spitting some knowledge.. 
only if we get otamendi 
okay this is getting really 
.... so this phaggot ass omnisphere didnt work out 
does gifs work in itunes? 
doesnt matter at the end of the day
likely all except up
just had one of chief keef's opps call me saying he did a track to my beat.Â  he has a track with duke da beast of 485 if any of you know them.Â  mama i made it?
he rolls with that jstash guy? i remember reading something about sgp waiting outside that guys house to beat him up 
just keeping it 8 more than 92 ya know
							
							
best night on ktt since that one guys thread where he was in the same hotel as kanye lmao
putting this on my ig
							
							
dutch stans got the worst football opinions man
apparently in the movie, you dont see the monster much. so i think itll still be very lowkey and give off that terrifying atmosphere
now i remember why i blocked that guy.
my bad b
send me bastard
lirl
has anyone got their gnarcotic tees yet?
i wanna put my face in her ass 
make sure yall never deal with this 
khloe really posted that girl booty hole 
thats what i thought.. guess they want that new new new new 
the mutos come to feed off the nuclear energy, hence why they were living in the power plant
no more singles
i know but taylor's team denied sending the letter
nigga i need 2much now
read more at 
good lookin out. ill pm you the email. 
ya sounds like some 909 
madrid take who they want from near enough anyone they want, you're a fool to think other wise.
i'll try and keep it as spoiler-free as possible...
man i needed a crazy ass video to go along with my song of the year, not robb walking around broward doin niggr 
di maria bought overpriced but sold underpriced. rafael, nani, de gea underpriced. and you're buying otamendi way overpriced 
still the wrong hashtag
who would sit on the bench for vela in our current team? he'd lowkey struggle to start for liverpool
							
							
new avy in celebration?
man said di maria to get 14 assists and 7 goals. fourteen. 
cover is flames, especially if you've watched berserk in its entirety.
he really gave kim and ye the donkey of the day. like he's such a hater ass nigga
no she's not lmaooooooo
well denzel is denzel
someone needs to edit the gif of the sept of baelor but with taylors face on margery 
im scared if he drops nothing today, not even info
what if kim purposely withheld the 
in the og he is killed by a hydrogen bomb. the scientist who inventedÂ  it sacrifices himself for the good of humanity. maybe that's cranstons rollÂ  Â 
who is the pretty light skin girl u used to post on tumblr
this thread sucks now 
i know this isnt really producer chat but any of you guys use photoshop?
europeans waking up like 
just got home from work.. is the only version this poverty livemixtapes one?
ben-take-eh
yesss
you know what... fine. since i can't stand taylor... 
they said there was no call
saw the trailer in the theatre. whew! 
even just blaze said dont believe the 
looks like the original (godzilla 2000 didn't resemble the original godzilla imo)
							
							
when you hear it...
i can barely ever get on the computer anymore but let it be known, im top 10 travis stans doa
taylors camp still tried to deny any phone call happened, and now that it's released taylor is trying to make herself a victim yet again in another way. she would have found a way even if he did say i made that 
back when selena was all about w's 
currently uploading the travi$ and pusha mesh
were you really expecting r? lmfao
think all the mls teams can afford is to give the designated players free concession items. (limit three per game)
send me something im going in
wowwwwwwwwwww went completely over my head.
a pakistanian city appears to have been destroyed with an atom bomb in 4000 bc lol
what can i say, 
papi 
shaqiri 
eat a 
debate the playing a left footed defender?
how?
u ent 
taylor whole squad getting exposed 
he started 17 of his first 21 games and came on as a sub twice. so he played in 19 of a possible first 21 games for bayern and the article is saying pep doesn't want to play him....
broward county legend
							
							
spidey gon be trash the other two areÂ  looking promising 
chicha would probably still be here if rooney didnt make him take that penalty 
wow, anyone know where the hell's robb / ysÂ  on the city?
oh nice, link to site?
struggling with injury is an exacerbating the cause of him being crap.
dude stop playing this 
only had 3 songs out then too
thread moving fast as 
i do
couple of you guys always come in our thread to say how 
lol reason is still dope.Â  key wane uses it im pretty sure
#
goddamn i can't believe my thirst for one simple track from this guy 
damn it she look like a 
no problem thanks for getting back to me
i'm not their editor 
him and smalling are our best 2 cbs with jones a close third and blind/evans nowhere to be seen
							
							
that extended look trailer. 
perhaps i expected too much from the place 
there is its just confusing & idk how the 
ninety-one
why is this thread not sticked?
i believe one fight will be quick... apparently one of monsters( some giant bug) is 
 colombian lol
what about varane? i always thought chelsea would go for him 
i am getting frustrated at how lvg is dealing w/ things srsly. i mean outside of the field precisely.
then what is? 
"they'll ask me about this at the grammies and i'll say that you called me"
i got a macbook pro with 16gb ram, ssd and that 
idc about what you think about robb/purrp, 
if it doesn't come out in 3 days we have to cyberbully him
you cant actually thing he wants 70% possession, 1 shot on target, 1 goal, 1-0 win....
ain't the first time too i think, he was on this 
just watched that bruce jenner speech. 
chile's defense looks tired, messi about to expose them 
in on 500
he said he made her famous, that's offensive as hell to any artist
cole doesnt like that he had to call the warm up a mixtape. could be more of a free album. quite obviously
i think with new cgi, it could work well. not opposed to gigan either, tho.
his wife is really into sampling so probably someone like 9th wonder
yeah, we finally found a balanced starting xi from that game onwards.
taylor swift is the biggest pop star in the world right now and she is literally complaining about being called a 
no motivation to get on rg all week
go easy on char man..... i think he just wants more information that's all. you can't fault him for that. although the story is swinging heavily in kimye's favor... the full phone call would settle it all... which we don't have.
kanye bout to release charged up remix feat. meek mill
he's about to move into a mansion in canada i believe
got deleted. 
fine$t video is classic
>taylor mad at being called a 
she knew about that line. she wouldn't be talking about her 7 million if she didn't know about it.
if it's a choice between making a dumb film about godzilla fighting other monsters, or making the film i've just watched a trailer for, i'd say it's better to make the dumb film about godzilla fighting other monsters. there's nothing that a serious godzilla film can bring to the table for me.
lol if you cant tell by the username i 
the life of pablo was hot trash boys. stop defending the man.
youre 16 why didn't you tell me holy 
lmfao what
yessir!Â  
#haramboys
they usually cause problems with their ball retention abilities but nobody tops us for that in the pl atm so i think we will nullify them pretty well and we just need to hit an early goal to seal it
i srsly hop sothey play like 3 games and 2 of them are barca and real 
from the reactions, the biggest criticism so far was that there isn't enough of the big guy
if depay starts against them i expect a utd loss
yebeatles confirmed islamophobe
yikes 
theres shows at like 5 pm 
							
							
mos was mixed/negative
							
							
 lol you wild... wyd tho? tryna lick my balls later?
yoo i didn't even think about that your right..
wohoo, putting together a folder full of beats
what's good fellas....
i use fl i heard it works pretty well with it
everyone is coming at taylor
g g g g g u not 
maybe my stannery is just reaching peak levels, but how are we not sure that chloe isn't lying? need receipts tbh
lex
why am i screaking lmfaoooo
							
							
i like the videos but im having trouble translating his advice into my music. idk why
well everyone knows gwen dies in the comics
pacific rim was really below average
cruel 
he's been on the decline ever since then.
they won't need to buy him in jan because he can sign a pre-contract then and its only a few months of the season. real madrid aren't stupid, they won't do that.


hahahahahahhaha
i finally copped the havoc kitÂ  email me for trade rockettarthur@yahoo.com
lifted underrated as hell
lmfao 
charlamagne defending ye 
terrible news for you. 
he is fighting no monsters
damm! i thought someone could just point me to what kick/808 combo he used to achieve that effect. epic sounds
nah sgp can't top pretty flacko
good move definetly
kim is so real 
the acting was great. not gonna front here, cranston really brought me to tears in one scene. it was powerful. the chemistry between atj and elizabeth olsen was on-point. i bought their plight, even though olsen could've used a bit more screen time, but with every scene she was in, she nailed it. atj wasn't as bad as people are making him out. what the hell. he held his own, and i cared for his character. you'll find this film just excels at the human element. 
wow
where did you hear that?
metro zu look em up they fire
that doesn't really apply in this movie where soldiers showed a heck of a lot of emotion actually, not in the sense of fear or anything but the soldiers were a lot more casual and "normal" than they generally are in movies featuring the military.
i was with you pt until you trotted out the kane 
friendlies*
dude got his artificial leg signed 
not when it's not serving its purpose and producing talent for the national team. look at the amount of players argentina and even brazil produce compared to us, our league is trash because 
link? 
he is literally better than depay at everything.
lmao no 12 year olds are fags.i'm 13
 im done. that was possibly the worst movie i have seen in my life
							
							
 we only makin the highhhhhhhhlighhhs
the thread fell off because the boys in black ran thru here shutting 
would be great, i just hope he will get enough minutes since ajax have way too many midfielders rn
i'm still trying to figure out how that dog mustered up the inner strength to break free from being tied up to that tree lmao. he would have took the tree with him if he couldn't break free
did we actually got a snippet of bandz ??
not you breh. the selena gomez person 
like there aren't pictures of kim's holes online
							
							
snek needs to accept the l and move on
charles agrees with you because he is charles the cowardly
cavani in 2015 
if our view is to keep him another year then why not
yo i totally agree and i think but where is the video of kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that 
hbeats has to be drunk while posting
he lowkey been saving his energy
how do you pronounce benteke?
that god line is cheesy af tho
shut up nigga this isn't 1996
singh is the name
villa will park the bus. janzuaj is perfect for it.
we more confident than you nigga, just cause you hide behind a keyboard and type about how you get more 
 implying the president even matters 
late but 
 you must be new to rap
it can still be dark as a pg 13 film. look at the dark knight 
when you lose an argument you call someone mad 
you can argue that, but arsenal is having a worse one and probably have no reason to be chuckling over there.
don't do macklemore like that 
pull up
 obviously he wouldn't be as big as he is now but he was still pretty 
before the colombia game, brazil had won 23 out of the last 24 games neymar played in...
#cescunleashed
barca - bilbao later 
she had two seconds to be cool and she 
fukn savages man.
but am i the only one that sees as smart as kanye is didn't he know to also include i made that 
lmao taylor is getting dragged on social media
so we're still doing the tweet bomb
common white girl â€@girlhoodpostsÂ  5m5 minutes ago
ok but the real question is does rick rubin just 
gonna miss it 
u a real one for always looking out for me too bruh. always appreciated bruh
lvg reportedly doesn't even want to buy a defender
reason is scust tbh (no hate against anyone that use it tho)
these 
aye can you pm me on how to do this? i don't know nothing about crossover but installing a vst into crossover is whack. if thats what your talking about.
if it was taken off the net, how is it still online
blacklivesmatter hopping on this is low key wack tho lol
smfh i'm dead
my b
i was dumb anxious 
i dont think godzilla eats people. i cant even recall him ever eating a human. he might have chomped away a person, but i dont think we know what he eats (the american remake before implied that he loved fish, but 
in
leaving thread will be back after listen
owl pharaoh cover/packaging made by donda??
big up yourself
singh 2nd overall in the wwe prediction game 
cazorla is often your best player imo
taylor probably doing lines rn 
but in that leaked trailer there was a huge dead monster with gashes in it? maybe i was seeing it wrong?
who is this?
yoo im so pissed niggas never come to boston.... im legit considering driving 4 hours to ny to see him with a few of my boys, u guys think its worth it? anyone seen him live?
omgggggggg i hate yall for this question 
if you're not tweeting taylor swift/her fans rn then you're not really #yeezymilitia
damn man, i've been on for so much longer and you're quickly approaching me on posts. slow down fam.
 sure 
kim exposed the snake on national snake dayÂ  
was no edit bruh
u don't get it do u
acting like kanye cares 
did you buy it from drumbroker? it looks like nobody received it from them yet.
ive seen this & i got lost as 
travi$ just posted it on his fb page
so how yall rank the 3 projects?
so she's mad that he didn't tell her the second part of the line
watch him drop 40 tracks
i dont get the hate on taylor
lvg is legit an 
that doesn't mean she heard the line
which is why her reps first said she heard it but advised him to change the lyrics because of the misogyny, and the grammy producer said she heard the song in advance, and then her reps released another statement stating he never called for her approval and that he asked her to release the single through her twitter. now she's saying she only cared about the 
edwards directly used jaws and the t. rex from jp as influences for how he wanted to introduce g 
yep, still windows 7 so i have zero idea what's going on.
yeah we all know how fat his 
that niggas beats is mad boring. 
#page360
no one who lives in chat threads has a poppin social life and that's a fact.
the trailers made it seem like mothra. i always thought it was two different monster. the last tease in the uk trailer had me convinced it was mothra. idk how some people got rodan.
what kinda 
damn forgot i was arguing in here. found so many other articles, but i'm pretty busy right now. 
i swear to god if its: "travi$ scott feat. kid cudi, kanye west (prod. emile and plain pat)" i will go streaking at a highschool basketball game with "owl pharaoh" painted across my chest
u got the one wit the team air keygens?
anything new since we got date?
can't wait 
southampton would probably be great for him and them, especially if schneiderlin moves on."
							
							
how you gonna cry about being called a 
r u on windows or mac?
							
							
januzaj basic af
innnnn
this has been said before.....
how she gonna claim "character assassination" when she's made her career on talking 
okay that makes sense, and looking back on the movie everything you said was there.
man that's weird cause most of the sounds i made were made during the hardest times i went through... i have the most inspiration when i'm going through something... anyway don't let this bring you down, must be hard but hey as xvii said, summer is coming. sun always help you when you go through hard times
delph all but confirmed 
animal is like a sort-of-a-sequel to monster tbh
i really just listened to again. i really think its the sample that has me drawn in to think its some god level kick lol. i'm pretty sure i could get the same effect with the headlines kick in 1da's kit 
i hope so. i gotta say, as much as i love olsen, i was massively disappointed in her acting (she, nor her son, had to be in this movie at all, really) as well as johnson's so it certainly doesn't make me excited for avengers 2 next year.
mr. yeezy, you're gonna 
damn i forgot how easy it was in maschine 1. just go to the group tab and select sound midi batch setup. if u want to have each sound on a seperate midi channel choose sounds to midi channel. go to the options in maschines wrapper and set the input port to 0 or whatever u want. then insert a midi out in ur sequencer and set the port to whatever input port u selected in the maschine wrapper settings. then set the channel to 1 - 16 for each sound/pad in maschine. the channel number u select will control the same number pad in maschine. if u want one midi channel to control all the sounds in that group select sounds to midi notes in sound midi batch setup and select ur root note and midi channel. then select the same channel in ur midi out in ur sequencer. that takes care of controlling the sounds in fl. do u need to know how to route it to fl's mixer too?
i wasnt referring to your post. just made it clear to you im better now. you are my inspiration but i think 
what if the reason earth was covered in nuclear radiation millions of years ago, was because humans wiped out the whole planet with a nuclear war 
a real hip hop producer would hate that so uh yeah...
it can still be dark as a pg 13 film. look at the dark knight
wtf bruh? how have i missed this?
.
udid u already install the updates?
what was he implying with the kanye email
ye should just tweet something totally off topic just to mess with everyone 
malachi = 
and the whole city going down
every single one of those commenters are ktt posters tbh
							
							
hmm you're probably right but i saw people saying it was just before his fashion show? 
tay stans are poison
i dont think anyone is to blame really, they tried to get thiago, fabregad and bale but none of them wanted to come 
 why chelsea want stones
man these reviews are all over the place.............................
lmaoo the person who delaying the whole thing is actually the girl who painted that art picture of robb.
i think you're trying to dig your way out. arsenal don't need a centre-back, yes if kosc/gabriel rolled an ankle it would be terrible but lets not act like they are the only 2 centre backs. gabriel doesn't even start. we have 4 first team centre backs, which is a common number for teams. 
what's up fam
							
							
yall reckon there will be a sequel ? where would they go from here 
heckpot a 
fake 320, the quality is worse than the 128
 pull up then
how many poor communities have been a victim of riots literally because of blm?
6ix hunna
i got 500 and 600 i'm so epic 
							
							
any notable stuff happen in the last couple hours?
gawd 
what were the deleted tweets?
he isn't lol. his job is to make a shortlist and submit the list to ed woodward. from there on, he is out of the picture. lol van gaal isn't calling perez and negotiating, that's ed woodward's job.
tswift getting bodied over here lmao
honesty 
ktt won 
leak og famous/nina chop ft thugger to celebrate this 
 wow 
info on avi
i'm content with just being a fan rather than deluding myself. dude posts pictures of 
im 13, im reporting u to the admins.
go back to wwe
it's mothra. has to be 
xxxxxxxx
 he on the hunt
so you hate?
probably an accurate depiction of denzel's life
if there is actual news this will get to 1k
"ouch my 
i can't quote it but me 6 months ago;
pre-contract? you been playing that career mode eh 
tlop//tg16 era is goat af
seriously. some hoes here were laughing whenever a syllable of japanese was heard
all 3 trailers 
its only right to retweet now
							
							
i don't understand how people can have 100k+ posts.
lol you're embarrassing
yes and i know. hes giving me a kit in compensation. i have most of the kits there but i'm getting the analog bits kit. seems like no one has that or it seems that way.
still haven't seen him move much other than his tail...wonder if he's gonna be like that all movie...probably wouldn't be able to fight other monsters 
dat cesc-ual eruption
taylor blocked me on ig 
social media sites are to discuss anything. she claims hash tags won't help out, but then says to talk about more important things. they directly contradict each other. i get you like to go against the hive mentality, but selena acted very irrationally and there's no real way to defend her.
exposal video almost uploaded 
yeah, but you can install paralells and use it on windows. it's fast as hell.. a lot of producers are doing that..
i'd really like to beat battle you 
da$h collab gone be fye
m50 or dt?
got that turkish kid. the kid from lens
do you not understand the question that i asked? 
thread has been blessed. 
you mean like when they took ronaldo from united, or kroos from bayern, or beat united to the signings of both bale and modric, or when they took etc. etc. from united. (take your pick)
wish kim and taylor could settle this like adults: a pokemon battle.
it already happened 
been in since page 10
i think i remember the godzilla movie from the late 90s having like smaller godzilla lizards attacking people. i kind of looked at them as raptors of some sort i guess. maybe my memory is bad though, haven't seen that movie since i was a kid
yea people dont realise im saying about the tape, if he drops a banger then yah it will probably blow up but he aint dropped that banger yet
when did i do that? :rofl:
 really don't understand how he was never given a chance
wait are you saying that you enjoyed pacific rim more than this? i'm not even disagreeing with you i just honestly want to hear your opinions. i have them rated about the same tbh. 
he has a release clause lel
25-30m max
im so happy yessssss
i dont use monitors lol my parents would 
why not?terry isn't getting any younger.zouma needs a long term partner.
youngali on about 10 months ago
looooooool are you seriously posting 
pls stop
that's aaron taylor-johnson the main character 
yeah hmmm not sure mate maybe you know it has potential you know
imagine being on ktt and defending taylor swift in 2016 
my post count carried over though. 
refreshing the 
he wants to make this the dutch national team 
if he didn't care about taylor incident he wouldn't've rapped about that bull
loool it just ends with this snapchat audio
when yall get to the top we'll take advice 
 rodan most likely 
where the 
im still workin on it 
real niggas know bout this classic right here
hol up i'm gonna leak some weeknd lyrics from his new album.
rick rubin laying there. knowing everything and just getting lit out of his mind
Â• kanye claims taylor knew about it
 how do you know?
i think she gained nearly 100,000 over the past two days
smh
u not getting bleach on your man/woman's t shirt when u throwing it back? u missing out
							
							
telling people - regardless of who they are or how much they get paid - to just get on with their job in the face of any demand is defeatist and sets a dangerous precedent. just imo.
dude, my ass is bigger than that 
							
							
y'all don't think kim, daughter of a famous lawyer, wouldn't think of the repercussions 
parallels desktop... to run fl ahah. but i run all my 
awl man :(
4mins till 12am
selenas recent tweet get in it 
it's will be a tough game. 
papi got a donk 
tough to turn down the prospect of playing with emmanuel adebayor and andros townsend tbh.
crowd would have rushed the field if guardado missed on purpose tbh
whaddup
kanye rn
f
who would sit on the bench for vela in our current team? he'd lowkey struggle to start for liverpool
haha no bet lvg just stared at giggs haha ðŸ˜‚
Â• the newspaper reiterates that angel di maria has privately informed manchester united of his desire to leave and join psg.
somebody with reddit clout or twitter connects needs to post this
 facts lol
							
							
however, don't be afraid to use "off" key notes.Â  some of my best melodies have come from putting on a couple half steps above the highest "in key" note.Â  it's really all about your ear, if it sounds good to you, it'll sound good when finished
ikr them new synths
damn both leaders of taylor gangs are ye's number one enemies. 
premier league clubs are making brilliant signings. 
lol no biting? you must not have followed purrp's career
do u look up to drake 
long term 3 vs. yots 
aren't download links against the rules. can u please ban yourself now
17m-28m euros. 
most of the blame goes go moyes tbh
im not trying to persuade anybody but i feel like the whole story needs to be known. travis makes amazing music and is probably about to be bigger than we all imagine, but he is an 
nothing is wrong 
i cant breathe 
would be goat
embarrassed herself, and he's right. they didnt say 
who the 
for who?Â  
messi has had his moments but chile has shut him down for the most part
because that wasn't her complaint before. her complaint before was "dont let men take credit for your fame. kanye didnt ask me for approval for this song". now that we know those past statements are all lies, shes saying "i didnt approve him calling me 
taylor swift threatened kanye west with criminal prosecution months ago for secretly recording her phone conversation with him ... tmz has learned.
when dzeko and jovetic both 
i'm rich now
anthony is a hero
?
							
							
is godzilla fighting an older monster or a new one?
she friend zoned him already, said he's like a best friend.
aaaaany minute now
kanye stans are retarded bro. it's just hive mind and overreaction. they dont even understand both sides of the story.
confirmed 
amazing how we just haven't paid his clause and wrapped it up
lol jesse in here actin a fool
no she doesnt lol
yoooo lol bad move if you were planning on making music on that

							
							
you only got a week? no way
smh at him taking shots at the god ferg though
massive ps1 library on ps vita too, i'm ashamed that i haven't dusted it off for a couple of years, it's a nice piece of hardware that has just been neglected by sony.
van 
hmmm try re-installing it. synlenth is always a 
what's up fam
tha city better than calendars anyway
schneiderlin's style is a little different to wilshere so i really can't compare them
dude ive been waiting for owl pharaoh before love sick came out lol. it will be here soon enough and i know it will be better than everyone expects
"sound emotion" "film scoring" "youtube tutorials" lol wtf...i just got this vst yesterday i need to give it some time...he's my main influence thats why i was asking,i just want familiar sounds,u know same aspect but different style.
male taylor stans 
it's an observation, now where's the 
if you support trump you hate minorities. no questions asked.
checked the prices for computers with the processor and stuff you recommended.
what?
thinking big picture league more important yall
bruh chill im takin a 
you're retarded because i explained myself 20 times my nigga. it's not about the word 
you niggas still arguing over whats the best software to make beats in lmao smh
bones been sneak dissing robb on twitter the last 2 months
dexter just swooped in and stole this thread b . nigga dont even know who travi$ is . trying to stunt with his avy and 
yeah i wanted a dark type of fillm 
her whole squad in shambles look at selena's twitter
explain what you do know how to do and don't. i will type up a explanation. 
most people don't know this and wanna try so hard to eliminate "handouts" because of "debt" 
rooney goals 0 assists 0
the greatest betrayal of all time 
because of her blm ether 
50m euros
where is he gonna go to if he leaves? there's no better place for him rn than psv... i hope he develops into a good player tbh, he's definitely is a good finisher but something is off with him to me... he's kinda clumsy.
ive been tweeting
ppl seen purrp do a lot of barkin n no bitin tho so i mean...
shaw is overrated because he's english and there's no way he lives up to his pricetag lmao. willems would still be cheaper now after a good bounce back season than shaw was last year
str8 barz no hook damn
but the acting, direction, visuals, and action in godzilla >>>
liga mx mÃ©xico lmao get out
delete one more post and call it a tie tbh 
does wichita have anything else to talk about? 
cardiak
she was mad about him saying he made her famous and he doesn't mention that at all in the vids. #taylorfam
 it has its called black mozart and he produced 4 tracks on there
did anyone else have the toys that tied into to the last american movie? i remember i had the rumble roar one and battle action 8 
she says in the later snaps that "it's true that it made me famous"
didn't tweet 
titled?
fl just looks ugly
every feminist rn
thread aint bad b/c mike. thread fell off cause people chose to acknowledge trolling.
doesn't he live in la now?
oh well, on to the next 
same here and it constantly stops in between playing and i have to press play again. thats why im upgrading next. 
typical exchange
he's still got that bloody hat.
travis you need more interviews mane
nah if/when rafa goes he'll take nr 2 tbh
spread the word to these heathen skeptics 
im shook, wtf is this 
							
							
i'm not saying that i know how to do sound design tho lol hell yeah man, been watching some tutorials about mastering as well.. it makes a big difference on tracks
city got no one so far lool
this just shows how much power kim has.
lmao at this thread 
get shkreli on tha phone!!!
thats just because anybody can literally become a producer, therefore watering down the market. internet 
review yots
track is 
dat ambience/cloud too stronk mang
this is the computer 
someone post the thread of nayvadius getting exposed
papi so 
he's a small goalkeeper only 6ft 1 inch....
oh 
							
							
when drake drops 6am in philly 
let see how this goes 
							
							
scored some nice goals from the centre of the box too
why blue got a bomb on
							
							
chillin 
that new trailer is too 
who cares ?
no, pedro is just waiting. he's got questions on the coach. 
lmfaoo who is this 
regarding cesc labelling shaw as an average player. so not cool lmao. i agree that he hasn't done anything so far for united but surely he is destined for greatness? he is incredible going forward. a little shaky at positioning but he will get there. would put him in "potential" box.
buncha davie b's
#headsgone
their loss haha. i met up with lewi and tone bone who produced e 40 "chitty band" "function, 2 chainz - "living" etc.
michaelafc on about a year ago
he was terrible and played a part in both swansea goals 24 hours ago.
remember when there was suppose to be a 320 
my nigga
 hop in the sub ktt fam we out here
							
							
they trying their hardest to hate on him, i just dont get it!!!!!!!!
he easily starts on united
stop these conspiracies 
piratebay got a 320kbps
not a big film reviewer, so yeah. here's my thought,Â  i'm on mobile, you gotta disregard my messy grammar 
wheres your 
							
							
glad yall like it,
yep kind of 
usa eating so much from these new tv deals 
robb, if you lurking rap to this...
these stans are delusional.
lvg will probably play 433 next season. i would want united to play 4231 but they dont have right players for it. or do u not understand those numbers? lol
lmaooooo 
taylor and her stans entering deep meek mill shambles 
ben-take-eh 
where is the video or something anything someone answer whats happening?
henderson on the fifa cover
why do promo for a mixtape... 
 my grandmother struggled with crack addiction on and off so i know where you're coming from but where is the video of kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that 
 did he say when he would send it?
only if kong duels new godzilla
memphis prolly the first ktt nigga to bait with smileys
father x robb would be so tight
yeah they all do it..its the same sound over and over again. no adjustments, straight presets. its the fastest to learn and quickest to make.
i feels. does it take a while to learn stuff like that or nah?
you guys really think khloe's tweet was clever ? 
kdb confirms hes staying at wolfsburg
where/how did you hear it
taylor is retarded and so are her fans
travi$ fam the realest 
at least voting trump makes political people shook which is always fun, voting taylor would just be like eating gravel and peeing on yourself
qualifiers dont count as cup tied
n im waitin on germ to finish his verse smh
 ew really 
his beats are dope. he doesnt have to do much to catch attention. sometime less is more. what imo he is known for is his drums and making his beats almost sound like you are listening live.
she right though. idk why people expect their favorite artists or famous people in general to always speak out on social issues.
t scott a beast bruh 
everything i said is fact 
if you battle you need to make some beat battle sounding beats. dont just make a beat that you think is dope and try to battle with it. it will be a whack battle lol. 
did she drug him or something?
no, 
where is it?
may 2014 
real reject arsenal benzema bid
nigga called me a flock head lmaooooo he gotta give me a ft interview for the culture. if this happen, i'll do ktt justice wit di interview
ok....aaron taylor-johnson must be really in love 
in the virtual settings it allows you to change your audio. i forgot the exact path in the menu to access it, but its there.
demi a real one 
ðŸ˜·
							
							
league leaders shouldn't be playing for a draw at home 
asap weak.
 my mutha
ion think you want this war lil boy
lil 
ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚
he is injured quite often....
							
							
that story you had ever develop?
 the way his spikes start glowing 
but can taylor bounce back tho? like what if she tries to say she thought it was girl instead of 
yeah he's so naive, just like a child.. taylor snaked him smh.. poor guy!
taylor about to go into hiding for a year and come back with her mbdtf 
and i disagree
charlemagne just let me down smh
"a lot of it sounds like 
thread moving too fast
yeah even without the 
hes dead
it's on popular on youtube section already 
hes obv jacking ye's tendencies 
even if taylor tries to spin this into the 'i made that 
 we made it fam 
umarov umarov was gd is ya boi max b, was goin on, jus chkn in on yu
yup he was my favorite rapper now 2nd 
movie was fuking goat. saw yesterday. 
							
							
well idk then but im sure with all those kits u can get pretty close. drums knock but to me, they arent anything that cant be duplicated... try layering kicks for added effect. i will say i heard boi 1das drum kit it was no where near the quality of the kits on industry kits same wit jake 1s kit, that may b why ur having trouble those drums reuire some finesse and mixing to sound ritr
looking like van gaal wants players if they are dutch or if he has coached them before lol
bundesliga on fox too
if that's really your response, it does not sound like you have a legitimate budget.
:o
lol. thot industry niggas like stay away from samples
lol okay because you didn't lose a lot of money off di maria. nani , rafael and rvp were let go for peanuts
damn, movie was generic af. 
well...if i could do them exactly i probably wouldn't be sitting her reading this forum haha! 
lank
rooney/rvp/falcao. besides he's not a positionally diverse player. it's not like you can slot him into the cam or ship him to the wing
man wtf
800 
lol i dont even care about taylor , i only know 3 of her songs 
he thought swift was his friend 
rip tyler swaft
people probably praising it for cranstons overrated ass.
you'd be singing a different tune if this was peter parker. 
schneiderlin 150k a week
what
you would've scored all our goals for us 
not looking too good, probably will make an interesting episode of kuwtk soon
seen the new trailer for installer wow
imagine caring about being a called a 
not what i was talking about. but it's the best league in the western hemisphere without a doubt
i already have those kits like 1da, johnny, ovo kit, jake one, chop, cardiak, etc. im looking for those drums in that specific song. they sound amazing to me.
smh i make fire drum sequences but i am absolutely terrible at synthing man 
valid
							
							
that was the initial news because i guess 20 people went to hospital/medical attn. just 16 got treated for shock.
jaws is the greatest blockbuster ever made
travi$ should do an owl pharoh tour even though there'd be like 10 people at every show.
hes a real mother
i think this was photoshopped 
she wrote a book about molesting her sister
kim is the best thing to happen to ye
haha because someone from an earlier page said so tbh
mac is mehh. i use fl as well as maschine so i need a pc
refuse to believe that gyal is good looking
the talk 
 well its clear you're mad you can't help but start trying to make fun of me/even got to the point where you're getting at the place i reside in... just saying don't let a forum get you too emotional buddy. its not really an argument it's just facts
who's gonna move the ball and create chances? rooney, young, and depay already have a tough time advancing the ball, creating chances and maintaining possession and you bench one of our best cams?
omg 
where was the mothra easter egg tho? 
 hahahaha
lowkey think benz to united 3bh
frank>miguel>berbatov>the weeknd
fake twitter
of course, but in the end.... he's also swedish, he acts just like one.
it's useless to spend money on him when you have di maria, depay, young, januzaj, valencia, mata, and even pereira who can play on the flanks. 
her wikipedia page is protected 
#smsaudioÂ  idk maybe it's just me but i can't produce if i'm not sober.Â  
owl pharaoh 2013 takeover
this the type of movie you have to experience in the theaters with others
this the anthem 
let's say he is injury free this season
if u are able to enable soundcloud autoplay but never do cause u don't wanna get banned then who's the real stupid one ill wait its u
- otamendi quality/value...not exactly otamendi himself
if real sell benzema to make way for reus then surely that means they're hanging their hopes on morata in a couple years time?
 it's lit
#justcescthings
calebluke is a bot get the word out
wake up. ktt. eat. sleep
depay my brother, you ready to see depay tear it up at utd
							
							
so its better that they just make the same godzilla movie that has been made the past 30 times? 
"godzillaÂ’ crushes box office with largest opening day of year, set for $98 million weekend"
taylor: you gotta tell the story the way that it happened to you and the way you experienced it. like you obviously didn't know who i was before that.
kanye stans so insecure lmfaoooooooo
imagine kim has the video of ye saying "that 
i'm not defending her
 di maria/depay - rooney - mata/di maria
ruby rose needs to shut the 
better than the og?
i was talmbout chris and xay. these niggas dead jealous
are yall really acting like this isnt an attractive young man? guarantee he looks better than 75% of people posting itt
Â€3m. surely not as first goalie then. i know he's good but still
ahaha, this video always makes me laugh
real talk, depay gon kill it at utd
you don't get the full transfer amount and that is not enough for a defender
robb said c2 drops when 2much hits 1 million views and the moment you realize that the 2much video has only 21 thousand something views 
exposed 
three women dance a routine in leotards
how awesome would it be tho if this was an r rated godzilla film?
frank>miguel>the weeknd
itt ktt fam
							
							
label bein' a 
and they said in another part of the call she admitted he did make her famous 
we all married to kim in a way 
 cover is goat. best this year tbh
most of you niggas wasnt shootin with me in pages 1-35
and romero is still here lmao. i really hope januzaj does well with bvb.
bunch of studio gangsters tbh
no he uses reason check his ig my bad for caps to lazy to retype
not sure how i feel about this
lowkey just turnt in the stu cooking up fire.
fails medical 
 nigga are you 12? gtfo
lay off that yung coke kit 
anthony lopes
where we won the league at old trafford, that was goat. willlltooooooooord. whew. 
name
 woah this is cool dude. can i quote you in my yearbook pic??
white people turning on her, all she got left is ppl in 3rd world villages who ain't seen the videos yet because they haven't come on the mail on a vhs tape
lmao yeah, i don't have that many expansions tho.. 
who's ayesha then
potn with spiders 
falsa 
i'm pissed my boy riccardo saponara isn't getting playing time, yet andrea poli is. 
oh my god 
#voodooformvp
come down south lil nigga and you'll be the one shook g.
							
							
i think a better example would be bakkali
lmao i understand 
confirmed taylor stan
owl pharaoh pushed back
when he came up i thought he was average too tbh but once you really look at him you see how good he is. his positionig is great so he rarely has to stretch out to save balls which makes it look like average saves.
i'd you quote this post i'll consider not killing myself in the next week
lol you guys dont get it
bank$ back with more heat
kanye = the mountain
5 minutes. 
its like you want them to make an average movie
what other vsts/au are good? i only have kontakt.Â  i dont really 
							
							
yeah think so too, he's had a bit of medical issues as well i believe
got 500 to spend and i'm trying to decide between omnisphere and komplete 9...what should i buy fam? 
out
dont sleep on verrarti, any young player able to hold down his spot on psg and france is respectable
ya
psg is definitely interested in him but that doesn't matter. we have all the leverage here
legit interesting how the poll is so close. 
2 aren't even done (because of the price tag ) and diÂ  maria was sold at proibably is his correct wqorth. just because we overpaid doesn't mean his selling price was low. rafael and nani were very fair. van persie would've been your only arguing point but you diodnt mention him, lol
$500 together. 
kanye is a laughable figure now, you people really think he can walk away from this a winner?
taylor ðŸwift
 wait on it. these niggas love to pull the "it's more about numbers" bull
chances of ya getting in legal trouble for this ?
taylor makes trash music what is she a goat of?
zlatan feels swedish tho, he was born and raised here so... he's swedish.
pressure's taking robb to that next level. 
tdk dark?Â  i thought begin a darker 
who is this? will he have a role? or maybe he just had them pretty green eyes (nh), nonetheless want to know more about him
							
							
r u using the right keygen cuz there should be a different one for each update. when i did it u have to install all 6 discs first. then u have to install the first software, source, and patch update. then use the first keygen. then the next update and next keygen and so on.
lmaoo
definitive proof swift is taking the l on this one
oh i see, have you read his book though? 
i wonder what ja rule thinks of this situation.
but this 
these little kids have to know that theres more to life then sitting on your computer the whole day stanning a washed up arrogant prick #facts
yea i also think if you end up signing de gea then navas will leave as well
really didn't want this to happen to queen selena 
ould chikh > bakkali
di maria bought overpriced but sold underpriced. rafael, nani, de gea underpriced. and you're buying otamendi way overpriced
reckon fredo santana x travis will be on owl pharaoh?
one time? more like one 
chris brown or michael b jordan 
							
							
kokayne ! .
him and smalling are our best 2 cbs with jones a close third and blind/evans nowhere to be seen
made that 
no offense but my drum game lightyears ahead of everyon itt
he pulled suarez out of nowhere
who tf in that neogaf thread with me 
in, hope he's in it more than he was in the last one
"yea it made her famous but it's more provocative to say might have sex"
my nigwar
as for st i do think there might be a fit with griezmann, lvg has said he wanted a second striker behind rooney, griezmann had an incredible year last season playing cf and would be a perfect fit. his release clause is 56m pounds though, so don't see it happening this window. also wouldn't look great if he left atletico after one season
							
							
anybody want me to post porn?
woooooowwww they tryna use dead cancer kids to prop up taylor. acting like she did nothing to earn this.
cardiak's specialty is definitely his drums which aren't that hard to reproduce, but hes got good people behind the scenes providing samples etc
anyone know where i can get omnisphere 
i also had a problem with godzilla being neutral towards humans. i just wished they took more of the heisie approach to the reboot.
honestly, at this point i'd be fine with getting a small fee and subsidising his wages for a season as long as he 
"one day, when i was injured and i was with my wife at the camp nou, he went up to her and asked how it was possible to have married someone like me."
pom = spurs
i said he'd be in both. he's not better than average fam.
idk what he did was pretty dop
25 million for schneiderlin is not some fantastic deal lmao. 
i agree. terrible lead.
imagine not remembering mjay.
people gonnna start deleting
what the 
so why did they want replace him in the first place? it's clear he isn't a world class player. and that's what we need to get with di maria's big fee....a world class winger or attacking midfielder
when i use plugins i have an optiion of mono or stereo. some plugins say mono (x16) or even stereo (x16) meaning 16 instances of mono or stereo aux tracks that connect to the plugin so that each sound has its own mixer channel. when openingÂ  kontakt i have the option of 16 so i would just do that. i normally just open another instance of kontakt though. anyways what im saying is that maybe theres an option like that in fl? 
i respect this. soulo is dope too but... favorite rapper???
hope bank$ email yots today so i can make a playlist with the songs i 
no, 20 got hurt lol 
you'll get gerrard 
whenever he email it i got yall 
i missed about 70 pages in the last two days, what the hell happened?
 1 quote = 1 clicced licc
i'm just wondering
cloverfield and super 8 mostly had the same "problem", and they were 
travis trivia: how many times has travis ran a red light?
thanks mane! i wish i had 40's engineer background! dis dude is amazing! maybe someone else on here could replicate it and give me the tutorial on how to do it!
- what's the chances of both centre backs being injured for a prolonged period though? 
how was watanabe?
it seems like they arent even allowed to say anything about the movie lol
  
 man i feel in this thread and all the vibes mane, but you guys got to understand you ye stans are pathetic.
charlemagne just gave kimye donkey of the day, defended taylor too
who is this? will he have a role? or maybe he just had them pretty green eyes (nh), nonetheless want to know more about him
i wanted more godzilla, seeing godzilla 4x for a few second was just a tease to us audience untill the big fight. heck even the monsters were shown more. but to be honest i can't think of a scene i would like toÂ  cut out. maybe the olsen scenes, but still she's in it for 3-5 scene. 
quote for decent enough famous [exposal edit] 
"
sgp's twitter in 2013>>>
anal
yep.
distance copy+ paste piano roll question in fl studio 
we gonna have two big threads now one in music and one in kanye sxn where the kanye stans pour into music quote me when i'm right
good lookin
aye robb bruh tell cuh he sweeter than a willy dilly bruh.
pedro?
yeah i saw but ye really didnt say the "that 
well not all of us are "legit" if you kno wat im sayin 
fetty wap has trap queen.
no 
- ok you've signed 5, proves my point even more lol. 
"awesome that youre so outspoken, theyÂ’re gonna be like Â“yeah she does, it made her famous.Â” you know. itÂ’s more provocative to say Â“might still have sex.Â”
i would love to debate this. 
yeah lol. you mad? 
foh with your fake try hard to be edgy ass bro, we see what you're trying to pull here
thoughts on ramriddlz
woah dis dropped where at
damn 1989 on the lunar calander is literally the year of the snake 
cardiak switched to logic x 
gidorah 
ok but what does have to do with anything?
kk is still weed fool
well there goes your only world class player
woah, thread blew up what happened?
im talking about the thigh tat lol
this thread use to be the greatest.... 
dead holy 
i personally didn't like man of steel but i wanted to. i tried to like it. it's not that i nitpicked anything, just wasn't very entertaining to me and never been a big superman fan.
i was too. i liked the darker tone compared to pacific rim but i'm happy how both turned out 
ok
anybody else hungry [colour= white] for 
new god flowww
memphis the only real nigga in here
don't know why or how she fell off when she's been making her best music. doesn't make any sense why she flopped.
i lost pm 
i'm looking at comments on fb and people are saying they love the kanye interruption 
yeah these guys are 
chill with the racism.
yeah.
you can change it unlimited times up until the season starts
cause our team is collapsing before our eyes 
we broke them 
as in no more singles before owl pharaoh.
taylor in shambles 
poor kanye, nice try shifting the victim card here when taylor already explained everything and ended it on her instagram earlier. kim lost i feel bad for kanye getting used by her in all of this though.
praying for banks or buck to do it 
why are juve signing so many strikers? 
2013? has he actually said so? cause i have a feeling he'll drop something next month?
lmfao
lurking wdywt so hard rn ðŸ‘€
dbz reference
seems like ktt is really coming together right now
haha got you, are u related with xv by the way ?
link
not blaming you
thread lit
honestly, and i don't mean to call you out specifically (
google it
change the title 
looks like the original (godzilla 2000 didn't resemble the original godzilla imo)
thread moving so fast 
i don't have any of the installation files nemore. i've got ver.1.5.8 and everything runs fine. i never had a single issue installing. honestly it was easy as hell when i did it. lemme see what i can find.
guys check ye's site in a few minutes?
get over it
mls > eredivi
 yes he did u 
wilshere playing and in form is more rare than a blue moon
yessir
and if he wasn't joking, 
blind isn't as 
jeeze thats crazyÂ  
think father gave robb this entire beat then the other guys flipped it or he just recycled the melody for up still?
or it could be terrifying as 
he left ktt and changed his name after he talked mad 
what's the best way to make these high frequency drums(crashes/cymbals) sound clean, not harsh? cutting some of the highest frequencies? 
i'll see you at the saint pablo tour 
this is still my favorite thought piece on godzilla and it might change some peoples minds on the film
ask him if he raised the savage, i bet he say "it wasn't me"
i came. 
it is dark lol look at the trailer...the tone...the music
ep is september 
 oh that's what i thought, but it also made it look like she was famous even before tlop
taz taylor is taz taylor
david strathairn is joining the Â‘godzillaÂ’ reboot cast
but it's not the truth, just because a player isn't being lauded as the next ronaldo doesn't mean no one knows them. 
ok now if we were to focus on that then yeah. but they aren't focusing on that. they are focusing on the line... and the 
year of the savage was garbage and tha city was okay. what happened to the robb banks from calendars mayne?
no he's been underwhelming because he's not as good as people thought he was. same as the likes of hamsik, illaramendi and llorente. 
calebluke's exposal is more interesting than this silly beef tbh
sigh. matic plays for chelsea; the most organized team in the league. they are too strong and will be winning the title once again if citeh donÂ’t overhaul their squad. on the other hand, blind plays for a pragmatic manager whose mission was to get top 4 by any means necessary. which means, blind is bound to get into a lot more mess than someone like matic would get into. this leads us to understanding blindÂ’s role in van gaalÂ’s team. he started as a dm most of the games and occasionally at lb. the reason and please pay attention to this, why he has high numbers in your beloved squakwa chart (average per game) is because his positional awareness is really bad. this is why he gets higher numbers simply because he has a lot more to do than the likes of matic and carrick. for your 
schweini - schneidi
 pls no mothra, it sounds cool but it would be so boring 
yeezy really out here to close pan am
he'll play lb
 my nigga, my favorite pair of af1's i own. 
i just woke up ok
this nigga is the black slim jesus
don't u dare to offend our prophetÂ  Â 
as in typical memphis post.
i can't believe it 
just woke up and saw this thread like 
niggas can't do 
"tell me who flop "and sagna pops up 
too scared to click 
what's her snap?
i'm interested to see tbh. nothing like this has happened here before.
no but i do look up yo mommas skirt 
godzilla doesnt always eat ppl
the article says: 
"three people in a group from hong kong were seriously hurt and one slightly injured in the attack in wurzburg. another 14 were treated for shock."
#200 insurance
we lit
when #saintsfc fans said they weren't going to sell any of their top players now.
 new movement to get cs more active
							
							
yots confirmed 
godmother - ðŸ™„
							
							
when zak sung on his snapchat >>>> all three artists
i have an asus n76. uhh im not really that computer savvy lol but something with a good processor (i7) good ram (8s good enough) and maybe opt for a solid state drive 
imagine not wanting to buy shaqiri at 12 m pounds
							
							
you just hate on everything not mexican. most south americans in liga mx are actually good lol
kanye gonna get kim pregnant again tonight
vanden borre eventjes iedereen uithalen en de pers pleegt een karaktermoord op hem, typisch
you too high or you've been too shook by past ktt ls
who he talking about?
 
^ 
year of birth?
dt. you hear more of the stereo field which is better. its like this, get more expensive headphones when you don't have monitors/don't have good ones and get cheaper headphones when you have great monitors.. that is if you are on a budget which most of us are. if you aren't on a budget get the best everything lol
need a drink?
it still is represented as that. 3 monsters still destroyed a whole bunch of 
robbs album is gonna be a classic
aaaaaaaaaaand career in shambles
it is though.
there ya go
pretty sure we didn't lose 3 of our best players like you lost rvp, de gea and di maria.. but ok? if you think so.
maaaaaaaaaaan what a show!! ðŸ’ƒðŸ¾ðŸ’ƒðŸ»ðŸ’ƒðŸ¼
pharrell
yup and the ryan leslie project hes apart of hasnt dropped yet i dont think. 
 not white 
"there's not one line there that hurts my feelings"
varane in a few years?
has anything new happened or we still discussing the same 
source?
abel is the most basic of basic.
quite possibly could be. 
brazil are a mess lol with or without neymar
whole movie was a tease for the ending
i've heard logic x has some plugin compatibility issues. i don't know which ones for sure tho because i'm still using logic pro.
bruh you and your hurt 
if you need mixing for vocals i work with every budget but i learned on my own lol
swansea away will be the first half test for our team this season.
lmao everyone knows kane a fraud 
thought venice was soooo boring 
domt out in a week or so (before june).
							
							
if taylor was in another state it doesn't matter. at the beginning of the call, kanye asks about her nashville number.
gonna watch this again in a couple hours 
posts: 10645
growing your hair in winter is a massive struggle
you cant say anything else
completely unrelated but i feel like y'all are my fam.Â  girlfriend of a year and a few months just broke up with me.Â  gonna be hella hard to make beats now 
i'm so dead
he records the full process of making an album for all his albums u idiot
ye keeps us updated tho. travis announced that he's announcing the release date which is coming soon...who does that?
if it was a brand new note, the back button would have said "<notes", but it says "<search", meaning she didn't type out a brand new note, she searched through her existing ones
400 like the romansÂ  
put an iron in there too
i tried both vmware fusion and parallels. in one of those there was a setting to choose your sound card. if its not in vmware fusion then im sorry. i meant parallels. 
she was searched on the internet more in 2009, after the vmas, than any other time. kanye west made her more famous than she ever would be
need bandz
tbh she has a good point 
kim looking at that response like
list
has been for a while
i seem to never be on so if i'm not on and he is just let em know for me bruh
							
							
links done that one already
stop
i sexually identify as an taylor swift fan. ever since i was a boy i dreamed of switching my genre of music to follow the money. people say to me that a person identifying as a taylor swift fan is impossible and i'm 
well i just needed a computer in general, but i was looking to make music as well
i'll hit yall up about it whenever i get it i'm guessing he'll send it out mid of the year tho
no people make beat battle beats my dude. like this
a lot of rappers tbh. at least he let us know that it's comin in 2013
ehhhh
it'd need to have sex and nudity.
if they make a sequel they should bring back king ghidora tho 
if this was just kanye fans, twitter wouldn't be like it is right now. this is everyone. the fact that maybe the most famous celebrity on the planet is at the forefront (kim) helps it even more. 
being old =/= valuable.
i peep crumbs in the comment section already. 
look what i just made
rome's nice. once people worked out that we were from australia, we got charged nearly double for everything we bought lol
drake bout thick as 
							
							
 really hopes he raps over nelly grillz
he barely showed emotion and thats because 
nothing will happen.
soccer sucks usa is the only champions of sports 
better than when he shut down those streets in ny 
 im dead
							
							
got u 2nd time 
you don't need to put your face out, take a look at daft punk lol . and coming from europe i can tell you that the majority of our new era djs and producers are famous because of beatport and other stuff like that
is there a link to this?
where did that say it can or should take anything away from the film? what i'm saying that the people who bought their ticket thinking they're gonna see an action packed summer movie aren't rly wrong for doing so. they should still watch the film with an open mind and accept it for what it is but their expectations aren't unreasonable. 
the movement is part of van gaals system. 
scust if xx ends up on that op
im 
he's 30, he's got another 18 months tops before he goes into a decline tbh.
 fabio lel
my question wasn't necessarily an answer
word. lol that was epic...
what's your fav man utd x arsenal game in memory?
what should i make myself to eat? 
that not your future wife no more
wrong thread lmao whole time i was posting man was thinkin why no one else posting 
currently uploading the travi$ and pusha mesh 
nori about to be the best human to ever live
 thus why i put it in quotes lol. most "real hip hop" prods i know in person don't know 
wilshere's injury history and trophy case is enough to drop his value by half lmao
does anyone remember grammy season wheree the main producer confirmed thst she came in with a copy of the song and joked about it?
i really can't sample for 
alrght lol. i'd rather use fl myself haha.
good effort 
not really important when she was at the grammys talking about how people are trying to take credit for how she came to that point. completely unrelated to him calling her a 
kanye gonna tweet 
and i've still dove in more 
where op to fix the op and title to let it be known richard is taking over 2015 
sweden's not that far away man.
heard it was a classic and movie of yr...
go in kneegrow
lets start posting real fast so everyone thinks it dropped 
he avg as 
u srs
							
							
kim posted another snap of her agreeing to this lyric too
haha 
kdia ? the aa model ? that's don c's wife
stfu
gotta get that money lmao
godzilla does not breathe fire. it's called atomic breath.
yeah because you can't get more than that against us
the special effects look great for it's time
charles agrees with me 
they should shorten the first part of it a bit.
yo once tour starts you already know every stadium will be hype as 
someone needs to make a beginners guide to producing tbh
need kanye ðŸ˜© to drop the sextape ðŸ‘…ðŸ‘…ðŸ‘… and give us ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦ðŸ™ˆ lots of cummies ðŸ‘…ðŸ˜©ðŸ˜©ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦ðŸ‘…
i thought it was 
that barcelona thread has been around for 2 years and we already have half the number of posts they do in 3 months.
1989 is a classic album. in ten years you will see that.
think so, he already got cl/wc experience and already worked with the gk trainer at man u
feel like dude has no merch for his tour :/
kanye the prince that was promised 
if i'm eqing tutti hits, should i leave the low bass in if there playing when my 808s aren't. the hits are on the hook, while the 808s come in on the verse.
taylor fans in dungerees
you sure you want your email posted out on ktt like that tho 
but really daw dont mean 
holy hell, i turn 18 soon i need to get my gambling on 
why would he care who's president in a foreign country?
so he ony have like 8 songs ? or am i missing something
depay-mata-januzaj? why else would he drop young last minute for januzaj, who can play at the rm
there's like 3-4 negative reviews that have been out since day 1, and they still haven't been added 
whats up with the quality.. anyone else getting little bits of static once he starts yelling "2phoneshawty!"?
any1 know any good tutorials on how to mix vocals? i know there are alot of them on youtube but im talking about a video worth viewing .. 
 well toho apparently liked the film so they might grant edwards some rights to toho monsters
when pep makes him a cm 
so what if de gea now goes in jan for a cut price deal or for free in the summer? 
the other loser in this was khloe
if you quote this post i'll consider not killing myself in the next week
twitter is really in shambles. pharrell even joining in.
well good cause his new music his 
there are a lot of racial undertones to this feud, to be honest.
tlop tour could top yeezus tour.Â  it's possible
aan
you're 
sequel incoming 
romero is the next great utd keeper man whew
thx
embarrassed herself, and he's right. they didnt say 
							
							
i have the hbeat
even josep isn't ridiculous enough to let him go for cheap. who can he get that is a legitimate upgrade over lewa?
album preview type thing lmao
honestly ktt won so 
something going down at rolling loud.
 that nose 
its somewhere in the vmware settings
this is the best one we've ever gotten.
ok this hard
if schwein never played again his career would still be a success. impossible to 
not u. mostly talking about that idiot pope.
my b i was mainly looking @ it from a broader perspective like artists aint checkin for their beats like they were last year & none of them had a big hit all year really
keep going with the trolling in lolpool thread. 
thnx fam
selena and taylor bout to take a meek mill hiatus from twitter 
think you could hook me up with shane? i aint an 
need a link
if it is i'll be upset 
deray mckesson tweeted about it holy 
							
							
bruh the 
hell yeah! 
dont put drake in same category as this reptile
fixed
and 
shoutout elm g for the rt 
i am so happy right now.Â  what prompted kim k to drop the snap though? something is up....
800
ok i will send u sample of my latest beat 
valencia wasnt bad you know, offensively he's better than clyne
							
							
ramos to bayern for benatia + 20mÂ€ 
started from the bottom now we here 
hoping we win comfortably to keep momentum up heading into the international break
i think like a couple of days - a week iirc 
his verses are ass
nah i haven't, probably should tbh
darmian would be brilliant
this on some execute order 66 
it's hilarious that you say that because where is the video of kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that 
1989 year of the snek
are all of the songs from the essentials supposed to be on op? 
xv is kanye's son
i know its random.... but can i get a link to your avy?
 make it then ill help out probably
- once again, are we weak and need to add or strong enough as it is?
notice how united fans fail to note the outgoings and potential future outgoings when quoting you.. 
there's a new trailer out which shows a lot
and?
im fine with the list tbh idk what that fgt hbeats is talking about lol
wait, is taztaylor actually 88 keys? 
im honestly fine with how he did towards the end of last season
then that makes for the worst environmental movie of all time, and i still don't know why the 
lol henderson
 good looking. that 
is that 9th wonder doc online (for free) anywhere? or do we have to buy it pretty much at this point in time? 
unless kong is just massive in this one lol
he's also said the "surprise" isn't a striker. do the math
							
							
wow u are early af
i downloaded it and did a bit of playing around with the sounds, god rid of background noise, ect made it listenable. and yeah i thought i was the only aussie to like him as well haha! no one from adelaide even knows his name
there's a post to be made here
if we start blind at cb and go with a two man midfield we will get overrun i'm sure of it 
leave this site if you're going to side with taylor swift over kanye
did someone change taylor swift's wiki yet?
this is spoiler-ish 
good to know this section is very misoginistic too but what's to expect from it.
the way the video is edited!
damn forgot i was arguing in here. found so many other articles, but i'm pretty busy right now.
i wanna stick my 
chelsea are 
"why is everyone so mean? wahhhhhhh please feel sorry for me and buy my music" 
got the greenlight on pump audio
england staple for me on fm.
yikes
im not the one crying on twitter and talking about war
 kanye still trying to ride off taylor 7 years later. let's be honest
 taylor swift: iÂ’m outraged that kanye called me Â‘that 
you guys really need to watch players before creating an opinion based on age and competition
yeah i just stopped taking him seriously
last thing i thought i'd see tonight is chloe grace moretz' twat
hes a good keeper, and wouldnt be as expensive as de gea
6:22
not sure honestly, probably a decent amount but again, salary caps hold that back
fl user for sure
would you guys say that game against tottenham was the most important game of last season?
the wife of pablo
what a time to be alive 
and some of you doubted evans lol.
used to have a crush on her too 
this is an iconic moment in ktt history.
kim kardashian exposed check any porn site now.
 well its clear you're mad you can't help but start trying to make fun of me/even got to the point where you're getting at the place i reside in... just saying don't let a forum get you too emotional buddy. its not really an argument it's just facts 
courtois was Â€9m
chris and wulf deleted some tweets; robb probably called them up
dont have a link to the tweet but just know she made an ass of herself
we need your sextape 
his beats are smooth as 
what movie did it play before?
morris will be a starter in a year.
no its not, its on the trailers if you want to see it
who are psv replacing depay with? weren't they signing some lad from ajax?
that could've been top post of hhh
where you been my nigga 
"i feel like me and taylor might still have sex" is a worse line than " i made that 
yea i think feyenoord will be the biggest threat for psv since they just got elia, will get another defender and dont have european duties.
drop one one time for me 
might wait a bit before more transfers happen before making mine
you need good speakers/monitors like prodlem said or good headphones. i can listen on my crappy monitors and hear the difference, but thats because my ears are trained. i may not have th nest ears, but i can hear things out of experience.
he's what you need to not get pushed around yet you've been pushed around the most since he arrived lmfao.
who was that chelsea fan who only used to post headlines and youtube videos? i think he's been reincarnated..
i suppose
i have win 8 with a legit sylenth & this 
yep. di maria - schneiderlin - herrera
idk bro they gotta pay to get my feature on that
what do you think of this ? (i didnt make it)
what im sposed to b hearin tho
i'm not defending her but lmao he didn't mention the line "i made that 
nori will shift the paradigm she'll surpass both of her parents
worst post ever
who?
famous #43 on itunes everyone buy it 
well done m8 but it was pretty much common knowledge that #saintsfc were going to attempt to sign him
i'm sure arsenal could live with gabriel and chambers in the middle 
lol at burgers
chloe responded and so did ruby rose and made khloe pretty and bad
the mutos and other monsters came about millions of years ago when most of the earth was covered in nuclear radiation(which is actually true. earth was mostly nuclear radiation millions of years ago). as time went on and the earth started to become more inhabitable for humans the creatures that were left reverted to the bottom of the earth to feed off the radiation from the earths core(which is what godzilla feeds off of). when humans started creating their own nuclear plants and creating nuclear weapons the creatures started reappearing(which is why godzilla first appeared around wwii). the mutos eventually made their way to nuclear plants in the beginning of the film. but they we're attracted to our nuclear energy so much that they were destroying humanity to get it
in a 433, who will start?
peas and carrots thats xx
they used a oxygen destroyer to take him down. 
made taylor seem so much worse 
							
							
do you guys think the full video will ever be released?
selena dancing to feedback 
it said made her famous
8 hunnid
 lol
							
							
dexter just kinda stole this thread 
lmao everybody is.
sterling is two times the player kane is.
this is coming from the blue text nigga? 
i think januzaj might play second striker tbh 
the three og godzillas
whew that glasto lighting rig
people complaining about 
thread moving fast bout to expose myself
got a semi at poll results.
ive seen them chop it up on instagram and 
yeah. visually it was. which is why most people went to go see it. it looked dope. but it seemed slow and dragged on at certain parts. and the emotional parts of the film also didn't make me feel any sort of way. pacific rim was a better film to me.
i say 2
that's a key sign its bull
my name is finlay and i love to fight
can't wait for lena dunham's inevitable insight into this
haha true
							
							
aye producer fam .. can someone gimme a simple breakdown of how producers make money off their beats ?
inb4 nothing
when kin misses out on 1k page >>>
mods not checking thread 
what right winger can we realistically sign that can be classified as a top class player? lol hulk? lmao
cloud is gay af
he should put the call on the intro for famous 
lizzie is my boo but she needs to get it together with these roles she's taking 
robb finally sick of purrp 
thread should be stickied
i'm objective and i explore every perspective for the truth. i'm not just gonna run #teamkanye i'm gonna explore both sides of the situation. most of you niggas just hop on ye's 
dude watch the last couple of snaps where taylor literally references that part
"always"
anyone using ssl eq plugins?
anybody wanna collab on a beat? i need some yeezus/wtt stuff done too it... it needs a hard kick to match the sub, and a lot to fill it (brass, synths wtv). when done send to me and i'll put the final touch on it! plus i got connects so i'll send the beat to whoever fits it. if you use fl studio i'll send you an flp (must have electra-x), if not i'll send you a wav! if interested inbox me or hit me up at biz4rayoneal@gmail.comÂ  
amazing how people only start hating when you make it.
scust
why the 
i hope it's his official page 
autism at its finest
also 713 is a houston area code...guess that doesnt prove anything though
queen ri ri with that subtle win 
around 3:30
lucas moura is better than sterling
 sorry im just devastated that as a munich fan that we've let go of a legend at the club and personally one of my favorite players. to see him leave the club in such a fashion breaks my heart. at least i get to see them lose de gea to soften the blow
							
							
casilla to madrid lel
if you guys don't realize this is one giant publicity stunt between all 3 of them, then i feel bad for you.... 
sup travis
in a shocking revelation explained in great detail today by researchers in lisbon, it has been revealed that benfica footballer and manchester united target nicolas gaitan does not exist.
she looked unreal that day
you're one bad-ass 
wow my g
this applies to using the maschine vst in fl right? because i was tryna make it so i can like drag the sounds from the fl browser rather than using the maschine program within fl because that really slows down my fl. is this an easier way to use them together?
why did u edit that post u little 
yots cover
i wanted it to be a godzilla vs the world movie but it was cool that they revisited the older movies with mutos.
u think lvg will play di maria at cm
this kenny turnup tape pretty dope
now i remember why i blocked that guy.
							
							
its 
is this supposed to be an insult...cause i'm not feeling it.
 this is like the first time we've even mentioned barca 
non 
further proving united fans are the greatest fans 
fellaini is a paradox lol. would start him over depay if am being honest
when he came out of the smoke i was like #bruhmovement
exactly
							
							
liga mx is trash
thanks for sharing your opinion but it really doesn't matter what you think really
dam bruh bruh you mad. i don't got nothing against purrp except thats he is a liar and 
she wrote a book about molesting her sister 
cause every time he gets paid he doesn't do 
any idea how many tracks?
we care about his music not his friends
bar the villa goal, adnan has been woeful so far this season.
a draw a very fair result on our side 
600
care to explain
does music theory help even when just using samples with no other instruments? 
its usually much less active but now that they are winning the titles and 
resend pls
 sorry im just devastated that as a munich fan that we've let go of a legend at the club and personally one of my favorite players. to see him leave the club in such a fashion breaks my heart. at least i get to see them lose de gea to soften the blow
why is he perched on the table like that , it looks like studio equipment too
							
							
whaaa, email it to me when you get it. 
when has ye ever been over 1m tweets ?Â  
has the body of a 12 year old swedish boy
why u throw so much shade at messicans tho 
so now we are 
mods make me op 
i'm not checking nobody ig 
ive watched him in the wc. nothing special
let's smash this poverty club 
this one posted here somewhere already?
							
							
true... this nigga d-pryde asked for sampled beats, i sent. nigga said i should send trackouts for gnyus to do extended production.. sent him a contract for the trackouts and never heard from him no more
new york, which has a one party law for recording
ye
hell of a night
cup is way sexier
bad analogy tbh
pretty sure fox/espn just signed a deal with them for $70 million a year. the deal before that wasÂ  only like $30 mil. 
pls don't shrink godzilla for the kong movie
i'd take fabio back rn tbh
hi
							
							
you don't play in 19 of 21 games if you are "deemed surplus" tbh.
ty based nuri
							
							
cause she's real af and she goes to bat for ye, no questions asked
it's all fun and games for lvg until the team actually plays and he 
she had an advanced copy of the song tho according to the grammy producer. even the og had the 
pray
last godzilla film was like a 7/10 for me
i dont hear her referring to it directly yall are just inferring what she means
nobody knows how many monsters. so far the trailer has only shown one monster. 
posting links are against the rules. thought rules go for everyone
tbh tho, i find it hilarious how ppl tryna tell me not to get my hopes up. i'm the one that been watching him for 2 years and all this time i've been on ktt i've gotten 
what i'm saying is could you afford to enter the same type of negotiations as united? no. let's say koscielny/gabriel went and rolled an ankle, lets not act like otamendi would be a feasible option
lit
							
							
ernest baker's tl looks like the plot for gone girl 2 right now
breakfast club should get donkey of the day for this one
em and mariah carey?
imagine if he used the phone call in front of the famous video 
lets put the last american godzilla film to rest
 surplus in that what you bring to the side isn't unique or can't be found in other players. besides all i'm saying is lewy isn't anywhere near as important as suarez
what's this?
							
							
but not cuba.
lol spider man 2 trailers basically spoiled the movie 
that synth that was in that father beat was sent over and sampled and reworked by nick leon and zander. fathers melody was the main melody that started the beat so of course he got production credit as he deserved....sorry for telling secrets robb lol
why did u edit that post u little 
							
							
gazzetta is linking alex pritchard to lazio. doubt it'll happen.
famous #44 on itunes everyone buy it
who need it?
chicha was garbage tonight, don't get me wrong he needs minutes to get to his best but 
 so early in the movie. 
the shaitan has come itt and has messed with yall brains with his waza waza
we're getting something big tonight.
we don't support snitching 
van gaal doesn't like him
this wouldnt even be a story if they had just paid him what he deserved a year or two ago
what other vsts/au are good? i only have kontakt.Â  i dont really 
where's the creativity from the centre ?
his 
oh ok,i just know some people like this irl and it's wack af tbh
bittsm delayed
the worst part about this is niggas be trying to act like its ye's fault. this dumb 
last post kin bishop 
inb4 tony yayo picks it up 
fellaini offers more defensively and brings goals and a different dimension of play
bruh how do you ask questions to him on tumblr? i'm about to blow his 
damm this is a good look for robb imo. i hope they talk strictly music though
i 
i got a feeling he's gonna open for pusha or someone
di maria 3nd most assists this season
$500 each or $500 together? i know johnny use to charge 1k , don't know how much he charges now
taylor swift concert?
lol
nah, i just mean on an entertainment level. pacific rim was entertaining as 
dahs right andrew .
what? di maria wants out and he has not been good for us. we will use his transfer to bring in players that will give us depth and even players that will actually start. 
pogba pursuit is officially off
i just blared famous out the whip while driving to smack in the middle of downtown seattle and people were smiling and pointing at me. feeling is goat 
kim hit her with charged up, back to back dropping tonight
lex luger vs j dilla. go.
he doesn't people? srs? wth. idk, i mean that could be kind of scary i guess, just one long movie of catastrophe.
you could say this is one 
kanye said you trippin'/
i see you got another jhene avy 
he really just 
but his raps are fictional
vary tru
lucky bastards. hopefully they enjoyed it as much as pacific rim.
old classic or new fresh monster, as long as the movie is dope and has godzilla protecting his territory with dope fights i really don't care. king ghidora isn't the king of monsters
so whats that supposed to mean??
21 grammys 
think he could adjust to the english game though?? we saw how tough it was for de gea
you would probably be supporting liverpool. 
4 people got hurt, not over 20
one theory ive heard is that the mutos invades, so the people decide to awaken godzilla to fight it. however that backfires on them. makes sense with that speech at the end about people who think they can control nature. 
done that five times, i think i figured out what the problem was, my vst search path was still to fl studio 10.Â  now i've got move all 20 gigs of it.Â  
they're not even trying lol she obviously agreed to the having sex line as we have video proof of. and the only other line that comes across as misogynistic is i made that 
also this is a misc question but do you know how to setup midi outs to different mixer inserts for 1 instance of a multitimberal vst (kontakt, omni, hypersonic)
says 24/7 is a single from the album (yots) - turns out not to be a single and a song from the 2phoneshawty ep.
for what? 
you are absolutely right my friend, which is why i am so dumbfounded, because gareth edwards said that the theme is what would not make this just a "godzilla movie at the end of the day"
lowkey wished he stayed a supreme/gold grill type of nigga.
me right now with all these taylor stans tears 
woah what the 
why is everybody mad af in this thread rn
oh really did you put money on it? 
first song coming out this month
what if this gets other celebrities to expose something they know about her 
lol nah could be anything knowing 40.. he is an engineer aint no telling what it came from it could be a certain drum sample or a bunch of layers and sound manipulation... overall its 808 style with a medium fast attack and medium decay its not hard to replicate and put ur own spin on... bit it probobly hard to match it 100 percent without knowing what he did idk tho cuz im not really a drake fan so i dont pay attention to his music
got my spoiler in a bit late lmao
#gotosleepselena just started trending and it's 3 ww. 
yeah, i plan on getting the real deal... but with all the expansions it's expensive as f$%#.....
i don't know then homes. did u follow the instructions to the t. u usually have to install all 6 discs first then run the first keygen. then u install the next patch and source update, then the next software update and run the next keygen and so on.
 just chillin with travis. 
							
							
how can a thread be this lit and no one has posted spider porn yet
kylie should tweet her sextape while they at it 
i wish you could read the full synopsis because it was describing kaiju movie of the decade. japan ain't messing around with this
i think he was filming today, not dropping a video today
like 3 weeks so much sampling had to be cleared but maybe later now after all this 
wow 
whos london on da track?
7 games and he saved the team vs spain, plus i could easily find a worse 7 game run by ddg
kanye is such a liar
legendary showed a teaser for a new king kong movie 
tlop era goat 
so a kid from new zealand knows more about lloris/levy/spurs over about 12 reliable and legitimate media sources?
their are rumors that godzilla fights two monsters 
jesus 
wasted a lot of touches and shots
oh ffs
							
							
album really good he better than any of those mad ass florida rappers
nice video man, that dude's spitting some knowledge.. 
							
							
sike! nah 
dont let me down robert 
la flame takes credit for literally almost everything he hasn't done. i witnessed that 
âœ‹âœ‹âœ‹âœ‹âœ‹hol' up hol' up âœ‹âœ‹ looks ðŸ‘€ like we got a master ðŸŽ“ memer ðŸ¸ðŸ¸ðŸ¸ over here ðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘©ðŸ‘© hold on to your ðŸ‘™pantiesðŸ‘™ladies!ðŸ’‹ðŸ’fuccbois better back the hell â¬†ï¸upâ¬†ï¸ this absolute ðŸ™€ðŸ™€ðŸ™€ maaaaaadman!!1! ðŸ‘¹ all you other aspiring ðŸŒ½ðŸŒ½ memersðŸ‘½ðŸ‘»ðŸ’€ mmmight as wwwell give up! ðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘Žcuse ðŸ‘‰this guyðŸ‘ˆis as good ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œas it gets! ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ˜¹ðŸ˜¹
can someone post 1 good travi$ song to convert me to a fan?
you talking about the judges or the list?
wtf is wrong with this man 
i have watched him. last wc (6 games) + in eredivisie (3 games iirc bc i was also watching depay and blind). i reckon around 10 games is a good sample size to form my opinion on a goalkeeper?
he should at least release the cover and tracklist tomorrow.... at least...
thread has been blessed. 
							
							
should i watch? tryna avoid any type of spoiler
man if you can reproduce them for me hit me up lol
valencia wasnt bad you know, offensively he's better than clyne
what do you guys is the key to being successful with these beats?
herrera - goals: 8, assists 5 - i could see herrera having a good season. something very much like his season last year but hopefully he will play more games from the beginning. 
from this
he can't play up top by himself
people going to the pablo tour needs to start huge 
if an artist doesnt like to call it a mixtape they should just call it that
i don't like cb but i'm weak 
read berserk if you have not
i believe that if aaron johnson part went to someone like jake gyllenhaal (or at least someone with a deeper emotional draw), this movie would have been a++
:28 
quote
600 for my butt
you still annoying bruh
the suspense died for me after the muto woke up. after that the attempts at suspense felt weak to me. the middle act was boring af. i loved the spectacle of the third act and the story of the opening act, but in between it just seemed to be monsters on a larger scale, with all of its flaws.
nah b
is this the first ktt exclusive in ktt history
yes, and she also hated the famous video, and i'm wondering what she will say about her friend getting exposed if she's not too busy putting pebbles in her sister's 
so what? the same thing could literally be said for spring breakers, but does that mean it should take away from what the film actually represents?
such an awful, awful coach
i don't really want king kong vs godzilla. i want to see other kaiju get modernized. but i guess that'll do.
crine especially since its at stamford
pg 13 on the website
omar gonzalez shudder
i forgot father did production on this 
 source?
i think it looks incredibly boring and self-important than a film presenting godzilla as a sheer force of terror
did you guys see giggs and lvg reaction after hernandez penalty miss?
goat ktt thread 
all of those players they tried to "replace" him with are better than him and much better than most of our options so i don't see the big deal, he is quality i wouldn't turn him down, idk what build has to do with anything either seeing as he's similiar to mata who prospers here
he has been the most impressive tbh, but i think he will keep number 36 and that looks weak af
scary hours
omnisphere or nexus first. sylenth is dope, but those will take you farther. then get sylenth after,
didn't she even deny that there was a phone call in the first place? like if she really was genuinely mad wouldn't she just have come out right away and said kanye originally reached out to me about the one line but she got pissed off about the other cause she didn't expect that to be part of the song? 
i dont get it
bruh almost 600 pages chill boyz
this is why i can't take people seriously when they say ye isn't relevant anymore
im a die hard g fan, have seen all the films..not since 2000 have i seen him on the big screen, gonna see it multiple times... + i want a sequel 
nigga called me a flock head lmaooooo he gotta give me a ft interview for the culture. if this happen, i'll do ktt justice wit di interview 
							
							
taylor and her stans entering deep meek mill shambles
havnt watched any trailers since first one and no sneak peaks
it is the truth, he didnt have any hype. sure some people knew he was, as you said, "people who knew football", but was anyone really talking about him? nah.
well cranston said they were taking a jaws approach with showing the monster
lvg will ruin him like falcao 
i think it was la my man but still 
Â“kanye did not call for approval, but to ask taylor to release his single Â‘famousÂ’ on her twitter account,Â” her publicist told buzzfeed. Â“she declined and cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message. taylor was never made aware of the actual lyric, Â‘i made that 
i ride and die for jaws
fairly sure that the trendy spinach is kay-el, and jamaican love machine is ka-ley.
lmao na i never knew that 
he trusted her so much that he had to record the conversation in case she'll lie about it later.. such great friends. besties.
Â“i just have a responsibility to you as a 
so many questions now after watching that 
i got bandz 
we will 
lmao he was probably home on ktt watching our every move
alli 
does music theory help even when just using samples with no other instruments?
yeezies 
bayern near vidal
literally crying to ulb right now
dead
chilling trolling what's good
this forced edge 
depay my brother, you ready to see depay tear it up at utd
if you battle you need to make some beat battle sounding beats. dont just make a beat that you think is dope and try to battle with it. it will be a whack battle lol. unless you are seeing who can use a sample better or some 
hol up i sent 2 of 'em
lmao apparently i do too.
if they're so good why don't they go to europe? liga mx #1 priority should be to provide the nt with talent not provide a decent league for south american rejects
godzilla is up.
hahhaha are you kidding me ? 
skraight uhhp
dexter pls
hey if you guys could do me a huge favor and vote for this rapper that i'm producing for's video that'd be great.
wait what. she 
then why are all these media orgs saying 20 injured lmao 
 been a confirmed pmf for years and you already lost this one 
kid ink got these crazy beats, dzl's a beast
nothing is impossible to 
no waaaay find it for me bro pl0x
lightning breath, tho
sin city was a single featuring janelle monae and travis let kanye talk him into putting it on cruel summer lol 
yea thats what i assumed. or the other way around where they awaken the mutos instead.Â  is it confirmed there are only 2 mutos? or is there more?
thread got 429 pages in 7 hours 
we took the biggest w
vince staples
you sure you didnt upgrade your computer? windows 8 doesnt work with sylenth at all
i still think mcfc might swoop for pedro and pick him up. just seems like it will happen.
the master of edgy posts.
omg yes that's her ty
meh i really liked it when i first saw it
lol but illmind does his own drums.....processed through an akai s20 and asr 10.Â  maybe not all of his drums but most of them.
taylor swift is actually a lunatic ffs,Â  she deserves to be arrested
we would've smashed usa tbh
is it pronounced kay-el or ka-ley?
ppl 
whats a good way to memorizing scales? i'm learning scales, but not necessarily memorizing them. i need help with that. i have a good memory but theres so many scales and chords with in each. 
-the mutos. well done monsters with personality 
no more pacific rim talk in here. movie was
need a ye x katy perry x calvin harris collab tbh.
it was you. new god flow? smh.
connects huh?Â  
i know. its worse since i didn't buy it. someone got it for me as a gift for christmas since they saw me looking at it online lol. didn't even get it on time. they had to keep asking him whats going on and all he said was in a few days. it wasn't until just today or last night that we were told hes waiting for the usb flash drives. smh. he could have said that from the beggining when we first asked about it. 
well 
its some 
ikr
now ruby rose chiming in???
it is, but the main problem here is that parties lean either too far left or too far right.
need my man miranda asap
i don't know if you've watched it but the wire is a goat show, it's where the gif is from 
 calendars 2 might lowkey be his best tape yet
ily
selena should be left alone
lmfao
							
							
this movie might be tight. or gonna be a sad failure. that cast is too slick.
it ain't our fault your taste is ass.
robb please kill this beat homes
i love you ktt, we put up with so much 
can't he just use the tracked out version to make it out long as he wants? or do i have to make the original song longer in fl ?
i'm not mdotw, i don't come on here for giggles when i'm pissed or stoned 
edit: 
pray the fakes get exposed
nigga said installer
are you better than la flame? 
do yall think death of my teenage will be as commercially successful on the web as tha city was?
i think it's called augmentation or something like this
the king returns home 
terry not gonna last long
"so kanye might be the smartest man on earth. tennessee (where nashville is located, obviously) has one party consent laws. it seems like ye was double checking to make sure he wouldn't sued for recording the conversation."
what is amount a mls team gets off tv money? 
just don't like 
nah im good fam thanks tho. im just going to stick with fl 
that's not what its saying about him and pep
get out
half the time mixtapes sound nothing like the album. 
i get it 100%, i think you're the one who dont get it
i know she suckin
i respect rio for putting a little bit of confidence booster in chicha but no way he is a 25 goals a season striker. he can get you 15 goals at max.
wtf this godzilla looks fake af
how do u know thats what they were discussing? maybe she brought that up and that was what inspired the famous line?
it's so perfect that your name is theory lmfao
this movie has multiple scenes that could become iconic years from now
hopefully this make sense not really sure how to word it.
people itt actually trying to defend taylor
i'm top 5, step your xx up
thats what it sounds to me
yeah man its just some real instruments you cant imitate. thats why i like to sample.
spurs signing toby was really good wasn't it 
do they even beat it ? because i know he was interprated to be an ally by some but a menace by others. don't know what happened to it in the og story.
yaaassssss he is dope as 
really hope chevy gets a new logo that is less of an eyesore
lmfao shwb is jealous? how im dead
"and like my wife said i can't say no" 
 beat him too it, weak ass blogger
put it this way, there's more solid information on string theory than this ep/mixtape/free album. 
dl link?
i would be fine with the first part but not the second, but thats just my opinion 
although i would prolly not start with wilshere carrick and ramsey in midfield
ig we keep de gea obviously he's going to play lmao. yall some retards
this is truly doing the most 
							
							
what's wrong?? 
consider it pressed 
it was aight
how so?
edited habibi 
holy 
 everybody wanna ruin their image apparently
copa america, all world cup games, all confed cup games. 
they didn't give this out early to critics? 
tha city better than calendars anyway. on me video is fye.
 now that would be a mind
i knew it the moment they showed emma falling in slow mo in the tv spot while that voiceover said "not everyone has a happy ending"
objective my ass, you've been pushing your agenda for a while now bro, just stfu
alright i understand that but that's my future wife
yo is that video of the paparazzi chasing taylor legit or nah
really? wow that sucks...
it's not even the best league at developing players lmfao smh
godzilla was never the bad guy!
taylor literally just referred to the famous line on kim's snap
who got the hookup on dope samples? i need some 
accidentally scrolled over your first spoiler 
drogba 
who is lofty 305 and why is this so 
any of you fellas have any idea how to stop a shirt from creasing in like a rucksack/backpack?
i got bandz lyrics: 
same player who scored against us in the cl final 2011 lol, and has played over 300 times for barca
nope. you obviously don't grasp the legality of what kim's doing
link?
they just get ex-united players on to bum lick the current squad
mitrovic âž¡ï¸ newcastle united
learn keys folks. learn keys
so beautiful and dark 
Â  
this 
plz dont say black then or you can keep the l
"wanted to take my time with this one" 
still.can't get over how gaped chloes 
is flex city sampling portishead?? 
this nigga said wale album #1 ..
didn't realize how little he did this year 
you said that you can't blame people for having different expectations going into godzilla because of the way it was marketed. i'm saying that 
you had an account that got deleted tho eh?
godzilla or clover field?
need owl pharaoh right now
--------/\ key word, so stop being a .
bet he plays 5 at the back again.
not to be a 
will ferg respond 
but when they show it going into the water it has dark "legs"? moot point anyway it's clearly the monster posted up on the last page
smh they took down your r/hiphopheads thread
godzilla swims off into the ocean, how is that not setting up perfectly for a sequel? 
oh ok thanks...dont want to spoil it to myself 
imagine if ye dropped can u be right now
yeah it's not a bad look i just don't know how good a yes julz interview would be. idk if she can direct that type of vibe 
or, just maybe...just maybe idk, maybe i didn't have any expectations and i went to watch a movie to see what it was about and i actually didn't like it. maybe i didn't nitpick anything and i watched it without bias at all because i was curious to see what it had to offer from the previews. people always use that tired ass excuse of "having a bad attitude or this person thought it was going to suck before he watched it anyway" bull
johnson is great. it was the gareth's direction. 
 and timbo was one of them, believe me bro it may not have been that high but they were eating way more than the producers today and that's facts.
cardiak uses a lot of sounds that u can find on boi-1da drumkit.. some vybe drums as well.. 
 what you mean email yots?
 papi so 
kanye prob took a shot in the dark with the the phone call thinking she was going to say no either way. he was deff hella surprised when she said yeah its like a compliment 
depends
you've got nothing on napoli. 
i think the next one will include mothra but will also include other monsters
my version of bandz has a jayz verse though
tbh that was my favourite scene 
idk what they could mean 
made 1st quarter freestyle sounding beat 
it's like people go into a movie with a bad attitude and purposely nitpick everything that could be considered a flaw instead actually trying to enjoy it. reading some of the reactions of man of steel you'd think it would have been ghostrider status.
pm
3 heads tho 
i believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
this just in
snaaaaaaaake intermission ft. taylor swift
strolling through what they had, they done invented a chord machine and melody machine.
learn keys
requiring a left footed player to play lcb is just some bull
im not a taylor swift fan lmfao her music is absolutely atrocious
ðŸÂ  Â  Â ðŸ
i wonder if you bid for nabil fekir, i think you would've got him for a lot less and he's a very talented player. best player at lyon at least.
never heard of obrian b4, skeemin' thru his 
your 
yeah she has a problem with the "i made that 
this is amazing news. no one gonna be talking about joe budden anymore. 
i don't see a problem in domt being an ep (longer)
							
							
in for 300
reminds me of kanye production, little bit of seans flow, some of asaps slow-mo sound production, and some of kendricks weirdness. but thats just from listening to two of these songs. sounds real good
lorde still the realest, waiting for her to switch camps
you could leave out the famous line if you understand ye and taylor's past.
did you not see where he dropping c2 when 2much video gets 1mil views 
yeah and her farther was a lawyer so she's been around people who deal with this kind of stuff her whole life lol 
are you being serious?
what y'all been workin on lately. i been tryin to get my sample game up today, 
i'm a stan. 
yeaaaaaaa oki!
 haben schlieÃŸlich schon gegen jake verloren 
bro i was there before i got this laptop last september
real friends, how many of us? 
trying lol. u have most of these damn scales n chords memorized?Â  
no just change the settings in fl 11 to where your vsts are 
look, i wasn't trying to say that blind is the best player ever, but i was trying to show you that he's not 
drop the tracklist, travis
she approved the sex line, she said it was a like a compliment, so we can move past that one.
i need to watch it before i leave 
i seem to never be on so if i'm not on and he is just let em know for me bruh
it looks nothing like an emmerich film though
i'm so glad kanye fans don't have some dumb name for themselves lol
i never seen a mainstream superhero film where the love interest died. no matter how much they hint it in the trailers the hero usually saves them
rockys a 
you a real one singh
the new "idgaf" gif tbh
							
							
tell that 
everybody out to take down the goats. (drake & taylor)
told you not to 
ms potato head got a human body now
it's obviously rodan, no doubt. the question is who else are we missing. :oldmindfk:
whewww 
							
							
wishbone is 34 years old
keep that
roma asking to lower dzeko's Â£14m price tag 
okÂ  yeah purps cousin was with the mobb but not with purpp lmaoooo man the square head ngas was at sobs that night and so was i ... 
love jamican patois. 
rumour has it adm is already in contract talks
kendrick takes an l for ever working with that snake 
 well theres this thing which has yet to be figured out
lmao
happy birthday to the best rapper tho
 man all these artist don't know shut and start speaking on 
smh taylor cant own up to 
i feels. i'm tryna take a break from sampling until i get my chords down and what now so i can learn to use both together.
thx a lot man. ghost channels really help a lot.
he mentioned ktt. got so much love for robb to be honest, there's nothing but respect out here.
opinions on no ceilings 2?
gareth... edwards? 
vibes rn 
socks with sperries is nf.
united is having a nightmare transfer window tbh
i don't really find papi attractive but i admit he got a fattyÂ  
my friend has every vst you can think of i aint gotta pay for 
it does sound harsh, but its true... but yeah its pretty harsh lol. but i think young knows himself lol.
but why is rick tubin always sleeping in dudes couches tho? 
yeah they're good, i liked his feature on sin city too
 at the number of people jelly of dexter's mod status 
no m8
is this intro better than let it go
chillin like 
kanye vs tay been a thing since09
not as bad as this by mandzukic tho:
 stfu
really didn't want januzaj to go, even if it is just a loan deal.
yeah cloverfield was focused on those characters primarily so obviously they wouldn't be able to get that impact. and obviously showing building wreckage is not going to be enough to convey that terror. 
is there room for two sheriffs in town ?Â  
im cryine
							
							
i was on the fence in the first place, and didn't feel like wasting time and money on something that everyone was saying sucks.. obviously i'd watch any movie that i find enticing enough, i'm not a 
i dont understand what this proves. they obviously spoke for a while and the past was probably brought up. we still did not see kanye tell her he would put "i made that 
confirmed fat 
it's kinda 
just ran across this on google 
i get what you're saying. even in cloverfield, yeah, people died, but i didn't really feel the weight of their deaths because it was undone by that whole "cool monster movie" vibe. i guess i want this film to really get under my skin, and show the horrific effects of his destruction. play on a psychological level too.
queen swift has only be on the rise.
who cares about drake and budden
low-key classroom masturbation 
robb became my second hands down with tha city then a close second after these days now after this one god it's confirmed robb that #1 right now and soul gotta drop some serious fire to keep up.
people deleting posts smh.
famous by kanye west available on itunes now!
kinda worried that they're going to focus a little too much on the love story of quicksilver and scarlett witch incest relationship alert but i'm still all the way in.
united come out and say they will only sell ddg for a record fee. august 31st they sell for Â£20m. 
i'm mean if they're going with the style of the sequels we should have more monster fights imo when we actually got the fight scenes during the end of the movie they still kept focusing on aaron taylor johnson which had me screaming internally 
someone link the taylor stan forum 
you don't understand my argument, they are making the same hollywood crap by trying to give us a 'serious' take on an established franchise!
dont be a follower
they better do good if they pick one of my beats lmao
are you counting just the league or the whole season
started wildin on twitter with blm 
1989 is the year of the snake
taylor never okayed the famous line imo so she still somewhat in the right
 what didn't you like?
i can see those complaints. although i'm pretty sure godzilla was 
what if a bunch of people say that it's fantastic after the screening, like asm2, but it winds up to being mediocre at best, like asm2? 
2nd track :fire:
who's place would he take?
you right memorized the gif and its obv him
begovic statement
wasnt that bad tbh 
it was pretty obvious lol
huh, i never said anything bad about mexicans
oooooh metacritic
maschine doesn't work on mac?
they tryna find a way to defend her still 
you know when you see a formation and you put the players into the positions? i think lvg likes the players to stick to that too much, there is no movement. without movement the oppositions defence can hold there position and no space is created. that's pretty much what has been happening. 
^^ pie ass jitt 
 this nigga gay 
spurs signing toby was really good wasn't it
meh.. not really a fan. 
new vic song is corny. 
yeah i agree. they were both dope in different areas. 
kim is the greatest human to ever walk this earth, put her face on mt. rushmore. she deserves it. 
we can dream 
90% of people in here don't know what went down with ls it gives them a chance to find out, so stfu.
yo what happened to our collab?
i can see why that bothers her. the sex thing sounds playful and isn't really a bad thing, but the "i made that 
who wants to help me crack the lyrics from just hearing the bandz video!? 
blocka la flame and there's some features: sin city, i get it, nervous & yes lord (just the hook)
the solid snake of the footy fam
"2 perfect cells, androids" please don't tell me my nigga robb using androids.
oh ok. 
did she say she didn't know anything about the phone call or did she said she didn't approve the line? i need the source of her saying she never got a call.
my nigga travis about to do it big this year
depay #1 on france football's top 50 promising players...
who's better on they keys? me or him
so when yall think he gonna start emailing?
i call stalemate. taylor is a dumb 
taylor worse than isis
you still annoying bruh
							
							
just wait until this turns around on them. 
i'd still eat selena's ass any day of the week 
snapchat 14
not bad, not bad at all 
usain bolt is the coolest man in the world. 
-this one i just found out about, may be a reach..but i thinks its pretty cool if this were a nod to mothras two twin fairies: 
yes!!!! 
she not cool no more
never said it had no spoilers 
got 10 assists and 3 goals in 27 games. 7 of which he was subbed in.Â  
so then whens it droppin bruh
							
							
kim is 
fantasy premier league is up!
he's not really on their level imo. respect you for being real though.
ferg gon cry
the monster is dark cause of the weather. it's slightly shadowed and what not, and it's at a distance. and there seems to be lightning behind it, hence why it would be dark.
i like the song and production, just not the chorus.
nah the studio didnt get rights for any monsters but godzilla
tell that 
							
							
idk im busy 
will do. i shoulda reviewed the tha city. prolly will anyway. bout to give yots my first listen now.
what is it
we've done been waitin' for domt since april last year
now sesc knows how it feels
what purpose does it serve? 
i love owl pharaoh
stop stop stop stop stop
gerrard mls debut tonight
nope not yet 
 that's what i'm sayin! i'm bored of the epl font lol. i do want a depay 7. now the question is long sleeve or not
lawd have mercy 
top 3 excuses by rappers:
oh ho ho ho
idk, you constantly want a certain team to score, or a certain player to score, a certain result to happen... 
its trash son
also, pom how much do u think kane is worth rn?
this is what taylor gets for pulling her music off spotify
my brother changed his profile picture on fb to this 
i should be done with the last season when your ban is over, 
i didn't know gwen died which was spoiled by ktt 
thinking about picking this up next week
gonna hit the japs harder than hiroshima tmrw 
it's a whole lot more than just the yots cover. if you read berserk or at least watch the anime you can understand the references he makes to griffith/femto, the band of the hawk, falconia, etc. a bit more. i think robb even said that people should read it before we get to c2 or whatever's next and domt.
wassup with this then? 
no order
if he becomes the new viera 
you're my nigga, but srs, 
the worst thing about this is kanye did it for the art and her publicity and she still tried to stifle a kanye - a black man.
he good
greatest day
i know people who got like 3 beats from sonny digital for like $500.. 
debating on whether i should wake up at 4:30 or just stay up and sleep after the game
cole doesnt like that he had to call the warm up a mixtape. could be more of a free album. quite obviously
							
							
its ironic how the things you hate about di maria like going down easily and attitude, pedro is probably worse in both areas. he goes down extremely easily and is always whining, and he is far less talented than di maria
why does that matter though? she knew about the sex line, she knew about saying he made her famous, she knew the context and she didn't mention being angry about the word 
proceeds to say taylor swift is better than michael jackson get the 
 the way he's playing right now and considering his age, he really wasn't.
is it worth money 
remember when u were defending taylor
still hit serena tbh
 i said sent bhen di alaud salaa phuddi di bucchaa
i wish 
							
							
this whole thing is probably a marketing trick
drums was plain as 
in for 501 
i have like 50 tabs open rn 
i'd like garay but i doubt any of thosr
get your own style 
having a deficit is a good thing
remember back when all white women had to do was accuse a black man of touching her or looking at her and it would get the black man lynched?
lmao everyone knows kane a fraud
how does this 
it looks like emmerch himself just remade his own film
dt is well worth all the money. just save up for them.
mothra was a colorful monster. the monster in the trailer is dark and flies like a plane.Â  like rodan 
hope wolfsburg hang onto kdb. 
thing is, if we dont sell now and we get another season of it not working out, we will struggle to get our cash back
5 and i have trouble doing anything besides drum patterns lol
 southside is an industry producer, and since he was nominated for a grammy 
same. imagine poisoning your ears with that venom 
hi
read a review that said godzillas only in it for like 15 minutes?
bruh looks like he's using logic tbh
the joys second verse is better than gone's second verse
come to miami university of ohio. white girls with black booty 
chances of ya getting in legal trouble for this ? 
my main gripe with the film is that the human aspect is complete and utter garbage. i knew coming into this film that the humans would be the main focus and that godzilla wouldn't make many appearances. that is all fine, i get that, i get that godzilla was hardly in the 1954 classic, so fair enough. but the human aspect was so underwhelming and not nearly enough to carry the film until the final fight. 
youn can replace the cable if it gets messed up. its custom and not made by audio technica so you are taking a risk. i don't know if it effects sound quality, but it may.
so does everyone else like pom, emraq, memphis & more 
looob
							
							
its not hard to find famoÂ  think about it...theres like 50 or so sounds per xp...hella xp's
that's literally the only part that isn't brought up in the video. she knew that he was gonna say that he made her famous
rip
20 more pages 
when drake is on fifa16 
im hoping this movie is nothing like pacific rim
you're deluded 
hate the 
 what you gonna do bout it put me on ignore 
worst 
dexter and cole are going to once owl pharaoh drops
believe it or not there are still women who take offense at being called 
and that explains why it's cut off
hes from the cool kids
no push back
listen to views by drake on @applemusic.
i want to interview robb. if anybody can set this up i'll be grateful. i think my last interview went pretty good. would love to interview robb tbh
fetty wap is hot trash tbf
that cool and all but where is the video of kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that 
i always hear about this dude so i just watched the no jumper video, seems like a cool dude.. what's some good stuff to listen to from him?
he looks much older than 17
if artist would just be honest and not be so caught up with trying to keep up an image there would be no image to ruin 
what has suarez got to do with lewi and bayern?
miguel layun is also mexican-lebanese, forgot about that one
i wish i was as 
y
na it does but fl doesn't natively
that roar is 
...
you think the movie was perfect with its run time?
how much do you think soundclick producers charge per beat (exclusive rights)? vs. mixtape-famous producers (southside, metroboomin) , vs. industry producers (mike will) 
watching anything on the new film would be tantamount to reading a movie zine about jaws or reading those early usergroups about jurassic park.
hope a squirrel falls in your bathroom again 
he's trolling. tha city was all nuri & sgp
ktt about to 
owl pharaoh never dropping guys, it's a damn shame
how is him calling her a 
yea
you are an idiot if you think the clips werent cut. kanye said they spoke for an hour. you have no idea what led to taylor saying that. they could have just been talking about the incident again to make sure they were on good terms.
fresh outta debt in this mo 
i would obliterate her 
							
							
how does it?
							
							
well you gotta understand. we hear the sounds and go "lawl" really guys. cuz we know them. but if you a regular fan. you in the club, yall drunk, y'all not thinking bout no chords, no vsts, no presets no nuffin, you don't even know what they are....you just hear a melody you like and that 808 knockin and dem girls dancing. 
if morgan comes spurs now 
anyone know how to get mutv in north america?
de gea, di maria, rvp, falcao, januzaj, evans, valdes, hernandez, nani & rafael all have left this summer. that's an absolute shambles.
where did you buy it at? or your friend buy it at? i still havent received mine
travi$ tweeted "
"imma let you finish/
 ur so early bro
i just mean in general. that super conservative crap has to be a turn off for anyone younger than 60 years old
need banks on some production from awful 
trap beats are pretty fun when the moods right
look for ethnic sound banks. i don't know any specific ones, but ethnic kits seem to have flutes.
man, what a time to be alive fr 
the 'i made that 
this is it this is itttt
takin all the spots 
woah dere 
that's. because nobody cares about your opinion or taylor wack ass excuse.
i guess but if that's true then why would he have the first line without the second one
y'all really think ould chikh gonna make it at benfica 
also its like a process. try linking his already dropped projects with events that griffith endured. thats all i can say, i dont want to ruin it for yall because its fun seeing yall predictions tbh
he has questions about van gaal. that's why.
powerful
aye?
usa fan going to be eating soon.
real
. thanks for being so cool about it,Â” he says. she replies, Â“i really appreciate it. the heads up is so niceÂ…i never would have expected you to tell me about a line in a lyric. and the flowers that you sent me, i instagrammed a picture of them and itÂ’s the most instagram likes iÂ’ve ever gotten.Â”
this is nothing to pick sides over tbh they'll probably talk about this over the phone and handle it like that. if they don't 
people say its set up for a sequel perfectly 
learn basic 
it upsets me that harambe couldn't be alive to see the video evidence
my avy aint travi$...
#300
so then whens it droppin bruh
idk, tbh
travis is a liar not stopping until the world knows
rt
no rooftops 2, 2 weeks from today
43 million pounds
he's what you need to not get pushed around yet you've been pushed around the most since he arrived lmfao. 
but tbh if he wants playing time he will still have to compete at city not as much at united
ewww 
denzel is cool to be fair, memphis is always talking 
do we even know what state the film recording of the phone call was made. 
thoughts on a cloverfield crossover ?
this gif is really 
wow cant wait
kanwe yest
might have to drop another diss record for these losers.
i could be epik, and let mf's see me.. but i love the mystery. 
dammm chloes 
homie if you havent already, download snapchat and add kim and watch the last few snapchats. people have been quoting it itt....taylor's comments towards the end really sound like kanye told her the "i made that 
owl pharaoh been getting pushed back for about a year now thats how 
he's good i'll admit it. but let's see, he has declined since 2011 not to mention he is 28, barca have brought in sanchez, fabregas, neymar, and played them on the wings in an effort to replace him, they even played iniesta on the wing if i remember correctly ffs. if he is class why have they constantly tried to displace him from the first team (and spend ridiculous amounts of money in doing so). he is 5'5 and 130 pounds, yeah matches up well in the prem, i can see him standing up to ivanovic. idk, yeah what's not to like about pedro
everybody on twitter being on ye's side instead of taylor's 
just saw this, wow, she 
then pirate fl studio.
zaaaayn 
 i dont get it...
 same but what she say
bars
							
							
no it's good to talk about it and see what we can try and figure out 
thanks bro, i'll look 4 that. even though i believe that it must be on some nexus expansion, that's all mustard uses lol 
lol idk where to ask this. maybe life and advice sxn
							
							
we need context for the things that were said. some things during the videos barely make sense. they should release the full thing.
di maria wants out? the sources stating this are french media. he has said several times in countless interviews that he wants to prove his worth at united to english media
 my nigga, my favorite pair of af1's i own.
yeah i've watch that interview like 15 times lol. i tried to study his game. his deep engineering background helps him alot. homie was ment to track for life not make beats. then he picked up beats for so far gone and he became god level 
rip, i won't be attending your funeral.
was a good album tbf and i hate wale as a person
 i would think the sex line is worse than being called a 
why do you go out of your way to defend every single celebrity that takes an l fam? 
okay its cool bruh hahah take your time. ill 
lol no man, i was just saying cause a friend showed me a picÂ  yesterday and i use logic too..
if yall dont like my movie, go back to watching transformers 
lol we beef with napoli heavy lol, there's beef even with producers
selena still a baddie
i actually thought cloverfield was terrifying on first watch. probably because that was the first time i saw a found footage/monster film and i saw it in theaters. obviously on repeated watches, i didnt find it scary or anything, just entertaining. but i really like how they weren't afraid to kill any and every character. to this day, that chicks head exploding behind the curtain is insane especially for a pg 13 film. but yeah they were way too focused on not showing the monster and the little monsters ended up being scarier than the final one. 
the only time i am ok w/ pedro coming is if di maria leaves.
whew
u got a budget or nah?
ok cool. i might be the only one,Â  but im considering getting a darmian kit, guy has been impressing me this preseason.
one more for the full version:
theres a lot of kontakt libraries that have flutes
including you since you called him goat. 
who started this henny thing??? my cousin always says it!
chemical break down of xan and lean on his arm stopped taking xans but still drinking lean like h20 
unless you can confirm it then i would disagree. maybe the original samples came from mathew weiss( i know about him already) but illmind put them through the asr 10 or the akai s20. 
thanks for the reviews. a question: is godzilla mostly an instrument of destruction in this, or does he save the day? if you can give me that info without spoiling too much, that would be awesome.
how big is your covk
lets do it family hmu on the pm
im literally pouring tea all over my computer at that khloe tweet omg
